First India itself would be good to put in the Tub Toy kena
Brother innocent and will die poor
Before not captive anymore what the hell the country
Do Modi bulla Stopastopastop stop leaving the BJP Amma Book now
He put the Shah in
Stop please
Don't make detention centers, instead kick them out to West Bengal. West Bengal itself is a detention centre.
Haram Khoron ruined money to the country
Muslims in prison
Teams cell dogs in the same prison
Rndwa here is going to run himself told us Q do not let men
The biggest false ..... government
H center moodi bolta h hi nai
Dangerous
IT IS NOT A DETENTION CENTRE.IT IS  A JAIL.HOW CAN ASSAM GOVT BUILT DETENTION CENTRES FOR LAKHS OF NON INDIAN INFILTRTAORS FROM BANGLADESH.THEY WILL BE DEPORTED BACK BY MUTUAL UNDERSTANDING.IT IS ALL LIES .GOVT SHOULD CLARIFY
This is wrong... No human being is illegal.... Don't do such inhuman acts with poor people... Every life matters
11 more detention center worth 45cr each will be made means total cost a whopping 495 Cr will be needed, aur upar se jo log detention center me rahega unka roj ka kharcha government uthayegi (jo detention hoge un logo tak ye kharche se service pochegi iski guarantee nahi par on paper pakka pochegi aur paise to pakka khayenge govt wale). Matlab jo illegal log yaha par illegal rehkar khudka kahrcha khud utha rahe the wo logo ko ab government illegal declare karke legally kharcha uthayegi tax money se, WAH MIDIJI WAH. isse achha to wo log illegal hi achhe the
BJP spreading anarchy in Des
Mudi your Mddr cod. Tuje it be Anddr Puppy allies Rndika dog. Mddrsod
Sala BJP
Country's what will be on the lab narasi
Super
Go back Bangladeshi.
Good job bjp
Motherfuckers bjp. Instead of improving the condition, gdp of the country, they r destroying it, downgrading it. why cant they understand , the history of Indian subcontinent, before independence leading to the seperation of the nations, it is not possible to segregate them. It would be futile like that of  demonitisation. When people will understand that bjp is ruining the country , not less than the british did, the only difference is that they were outsiders.
420 BJP  420 n r c
sob bjp mp of banglo ho6ay
In fact the BJP Modi, and a sigh of mazloom people with Amit Shah and curse is going to happen very soon assured them apocalypse will their children and with them it will all terrible thought none of these people had dreams. Mother Earth will also not accept these people.
45 million if some good industry or company formed in Assam that Modi Assam's people are not perfect state for a job .... In order of 45 million thankless task
Stop
Vote for congress again!! It's better to secure border than build detention camp/JAIL. Economy, production, seles, education, job, price index, commodity index, language freedom, cultural freedom, water conservation, trade, science, HDI etc. Everything destroyed just for modi.
Mother coda grocery boy in this room will be kept in the harlot's made Bowl
good modi
Whose father gave 45 of .. Idiotik Decision
Similar to the CONCENTRATION CAMPS built by Nazis....HARAMI MODI AND SHAH HAVE BECOME HITLER AND MUSSOLINI....
Better to kill them
Finally if you see overall -- All are Citizens of United India which existed before 1947 ie before Partition --ie Present India, Pakistaan and Bangladesh ---  You cannot deny that --- In India if you see there is lot of cross Migration from one town to another, one village to another, one city to another,and one State to another -- etc etc in search of jobs , due to calamity , drought etc etc ---  If India declares somebody who is staying in India at present -- a non-citizen --- then definitely that non-citizen has to be a citizen of either Pakistaan or Bangladesh --- Because his father and Forefathers were definitely Citizens of United India --So it is up to the three Countries, Present India, Paakistaan and Bangladesh to sort out the Problem -- Pushing People in Detention Camps and harassing them and torturing them and denying them basic rights to live and work and earn and making their life miserable just because they belong to a particular Religion or Group -- is a gross human rights violation --- If this happens then a case should be filed in honble Supreme court and possibly UNO and ICJ by those people who have been denied citizenship and harassed  this way ---
God created open land , human created country and detention camps !
Nice  make one in every State of India  Do NRC in whole India  state wise.
