Yes it’s true...
I support NRC CAA
I hate this BJP they are harassing innocent public
Question is that.. Hw many detention centre will be built.. & how many peoples will live.. There... People coming from.. Pakistan.. Afghanistan... It's Okk... Aur India walo ko bhagao desh se... Aache din aagye hai...
Rumour says Bjp is planning to use Coronavirus to finish all infiltrators in the detention center.
no detention centre  in  india said by PM modi
All bjp,RSS n andhbhakts must be kept here in detention camp.
I just left frm bjp
What happens in our country, It is like Hiteller,-cracy. In the name of democracy
So was everything BJP escape the country .. My feet
Y making detention centres , send them to Gujrat ,Maharashtra, Kashmir they have enough space.
but Modi Ne bole k detention centre to h hi nhi bc jhuta makkar
He is a hitler of 2020
there are no money for jobs, hospitals, universities etc. but there is for these centers and statues !!
People in the comment sections has no idea , idiots think before u comment image this , if u have a big family and you gave shelter to some random people just cuz there home was on fire or something later that random people will repopulate and wants the share in your home will you give it to him ??? No right , that's why people in Assam don't want illegal immigrants in there state so don't just blame BJP for this they are doing what people are asking for and also Assam is one of the state with special status
This is what trump should Introduce to quell illegal immigration near Mexico border. This is a great idea from india.
India has decided to keep all bjp people in this detention centres.
Now enjoy
Ranga billa brother's
Mr modi I request you live your chair and pl go n start Old business make TEE.
Now this is way too cruel.. Not supporting this kind of attitude.
Modi and Mit Shah snd the remaining Criminals of BJP should be put into detention centres
Amit Saha says he don't see any detention camp  and I don't know  All obout .but then what All this .... In Assam  Why All this who made the world  O  please don't do . Why human being are do selfish  . God great whole universal  .... Lakin hum ,,,,,,,,?..Bara?????? hum log  ...bolta ha ya Tara ya Mara    whenever  I see all this . it' feel very sad
OMG! Its seems that Nazis are back
100 sal gidaroh ki trah jene se behtar h ek din sher ki mot maro modi aap ka bht bht shukriya musalmano ko jaga diya bht salo s so rhaa thaa wo bhool gaya tha ki wo musalman h
Nazis spotted
This Detention Center in Assam , Is under Construction by RSS Ideology & BJP Governance in Assam.It will replace the Kala Pani , The Andaman Cellular Jail that housed Indian Political Prisoners of the Colonial British Government .This Detention Center is the Prodigy of the RSS backed BJP Government and Anti Secular Citizen Activities .Why didn't BJP build this Detention Center in Bombay or Calcutta or Chennai or Hyderabad or Trivandrum or Bangalore or Nagpur ., Is it because they were scared to do so and it would attract a lots of negative publicity .People would like to know is it going to replace Andaman Cellular Jail in Indian History .Who are going to be put in, in reverse who would be the maximum, occupants .Would the majority be from Adivasi, Dalits and Tribals who have been living in India for Centuries and Political Opponents of the RSS, Ex Jan Sangh and the BJP. This looks like a sad day in India's Democrasy.

Great news channel
Fie fascism. Genocide - is about to incarceration, the German model for us. Come before his death, very brave martyrdom. For our children.
Modi is Hitler 2.0
Truth of Detention Centre -970 People in 6 Camps of Assam....
The people of Assam were homeless so before Unlogo see homeless Krdia Jaiga the later family and logos included in hell.
Good step by BJP government to deal with these parasites..
useless waste of money!
Show Modi them know in no Detenshn center also be India
Modi speaking as are no Detension's Center
Cruelty centre
Modi Sala a child speaks lies Tora What we Gusibo ray Bsdk
Same, our PM  "professional lier"
Then Why MODI is lying ????????? He said in the speech in Ramlila Ground that there are no detention Centers ?????
Why modi keeps lying. Cheater
Why is he dying so hard to do all this bullshit work.....there is so much to do for India n Indian people. Is he going to be alive forever here on this earth ? Thankfully I didn't vote him.
CAA+NRC is a BJP+RSS conspiracy to oppress Indian Muslim citizens and make them stateless.
Bringing Juta Pt
Recently Modi told in his speech that there are no detention camps.Then What is this?????Lier
Communism is only way to re construct  Secularism
Looks like Israelis are advising Modi to do all this.
Shame on the modi government...
Modi wants that US Mexico wall contract that is why he is showing to the world  how he can make detention centers like Nazis..
And what proves that this is a detention camp under construction..???
This is reminding me of Germanys Ghettos.Ya Allah protect us
They want people to die just for their benefit.its so sad reality of modi govt
India = North Korea
This is detention camp modiji. Why are you lying to us. We voted you please answer
80% Indian population can't prove that they are the Indians if you removed cab But trust me it will affect poor people's very badly.Sooner or later same thing gonna happen with rest of us too this govt wants to rule at any cost this is not my  great India anymore and this country will be Syria soon.
There is no center of Mutbajho?
center are their then why pm lie
One day modi & Amit will stay here...
This will now come across DelhiNCR housing lakes of Muslim, SC, ST and OBC and all others irrespective. Dekho Feku PM keh rha tha detention centre nhi banega to yeh kya hai...
I wish this money of our would be used to make education centers,industry or anything to help n raise our GDP
Religion crisis on one side of humanity is coming not understand the other side of internal security should be done.
Reminds Auschwitz concentration camp
And just few hours ago our PM lied about detention centre
This old concentration camp new face
That’s why congress is best now suffer
We are responsible for this and how many of us and our kids  will be in this camp bcoz we just vote as a citizen during the election. Freedom is first n rest will be 2nd. Our generation doesn't know what is the value freedom and we all will learn soon, we are all busy with smartphones / free data and no time to think about our society. Jai hind
Shame modi govt
This is really scary... Shame on u modi govt
You guys discounts *** get to your Propegenda against Always countries met with news we are ashamed of the country like you, O
Office cast RF karunga modiki clean
Good Amit's brother
Does Modi Shah have gas chambers ready, Modi hai to mumkin hai
Govt School and condition of the hospital so everyone knows .. He Tik consists Nai .. They make take .. Murk
Indian govt. Wasting our tax money. If they are not Indian citizen send them to their country
Which are also to be ruled joiner Kkunko know what comes in their name hell
All the BJP people should be detained inside
This is intolerable... how could they even think of doing this?
Yo man what the f is this and this is why our economy is collapsing holy f@#$ man this is bad man this is very bad and severe wastage of money
I pray it not to be used ... ...
Im 16 year old muslim and I'm badly scared .....
Read ThisPlease••••••••••••  ••••••••••••••••••••••••The big fault indians did is we madr modi rune india for the 2nd time. If we not voted for him then this type of problem will not be in the history of our proud country. This will affect Muslim & Non-Muslim Peoples in india. I'm not a BJP supporter. I'm Not a congress SupporterPartly a supporter of communist partyIf we want to live in a better condition. We have to vote for Congress in the next election. But first of all this bill have to be rejected by the court. Detention Camps are totally like a jail. Why we have to go inside that? Remember one thing-This will not only affecting Muslilm. You have to prove with your G'father's or G'Mother's school certificate or something else. Did they are educated? Did they have passport? 99.9% sure you can't find that ne also in the same situation. And 100% sure this will affect more than 50lakh Muslim or non muslim indians. Muslim, hindu, christian, budha(don't know correctly-budha or budhist? ),sik(?) Are brothers! WE ARE INDIANSDon't let modi-Sha to rune us againDon't give up our mother land for those politicians who stays in villas and not working for his votersWe maked him as our prime minister, He is our apprentice who are recruited to help and fullfill our needs'''If this bill gets rejected in the final court. KINDLY DON'T LET MODI-SHA AGAIN RUNE OUR LIVES IN THE NEXT ELECTION.'''ShareThink and work. India Is our Country All Indians are our Brothers and sisters
Bjp shame shame
BJP mofo and Vote BJP will fuck like
Often wrong logo papers are her chance
Dont worry it will be destroyed soon
India lost independence in 2014
Good job modi govt all Bangladeshi should be in jail only
So much money on hospitals schools and other resources not even Kandishans gtk Today India
shame!
People became lion you see ...All indian Youth All lion
Sala BJP leaders who first then think about the poor people of India to someone else
Man this is scary , reminds me of nazis
Where modi ruling in to ? Simply scare to here the word of detention  centre . Where he leading india to ?
bjp can anything for votes so he wants rise a wall b/w hindu and muslim
Oh God, God have mercy
Is this the Indian version of the Nazi concentration camp?
Detention camp love that should be large where 1 million people be kept Ske
Is it so hard to just send them back to where they came from??? Our present political leaders may be religious, but no God fearing man with the right education about the Indian Constitution will do this!!
RSS Bechange with Amit men this camp
