English comes to devotees are
Oa G you're fighting for the Islamic Allah you it Jjaya Kher shelve Amin
Good work from BJP
I think first of all OAC must correct his rip english
We don't want any  Muslim in Assam. Get them out.If India can't do this. Give us freedom from India
But for the lower-class, poor/small-minded politicians, the country could not rise
All Bjp parti leaders dog child,,
If BJP doesn't protect its genuine citizens....God knows what will happen?
INDIA ALSO SHOULD BE STRICT COUNTRY LIKE ARAB COUNTRIES OR ANY OTHER COUNTRIES BECAUSE IN ARAB COUNTRIES THEY WILL HAVE CERTAIN TIME FOR FORGINER TO LIVE THEN THEY HAVE TO LEAVE THE COUNTRY
Funny thing is my face says i am a human being but my name says i am a ILLEGAL human being.And i don't even remember my great grandfather was a legal or illegal one.Damn who gives a shit about all this.NRC IS TIME PASS FOR THE GOVT AND THE HATERS WHO WANTS MORE LAND FOR THEMSELVES.
muslims of assam please jihad
no hindu will be excluded only muslims....shame on modi
So many hindus come From Bangladesh and Pakistan in india so what happen with this??
I just believe in karma
Those barking again again for citizens list should understand earth designed for all ....so include or grant  citizenship to all people  .And just close the unnecessary harassment.
Please nrc should be done in mayubhanj district in baripada town as  here refugee bengali staying
Karma
India used these people in 1971 against Pakistan and now after 50 years calling them illegal immigrants, Shame
India Is Not between him and Europe Rha come to the people Nashnality
First off, the world needs NRC to kick out all the illegal Indians from around the world. A poor country India is trying to act rich.. look nobody goes to poor India for living.. India is not even a place for humans. Stop acting rich. Look at India’s poor conditions the talk.
I think it recently also returned all such Notebandi be noted so many people will come name
Join bjp or RSS, problem of nrc issue will be solved... Bjp betrayed India...
religions, ethnicity, nationalism , borders, politicians are poison on this earth.  just because of democracy and religion , human are suffering. kick out borders, religions etc . we have no right to hate our fellow human beings . the whole earth is your home. a time is coming when all borders will be erased and all religions will be kicked out. that time we can call the earth our home. rise people rise. your stand is necessary. we will build the future together. nationalism, religions give you false and deadly pride. because of this, we start hating other human beings which come with deadly results. try to remember what hitler did to jews. all these false prides were behind of these tragic events. do not hate anyone because of these imaginary ideas. we have suffered enough. do not subscribe to these bullshit things. start a new day , a new civilisation. you can be a nice human of a future civilisation. be the harbinger of a new generation.
Assam has been a hotbed for Naxalites supported by Chinese and Pakistani agencies. It has been a troubled state for years.  The programme is not so heartless as portrayed by the Washington Post. The Post, Al Jazeera and the BBC have taken an anti India stance of recent.  There have been a huge number of illegal migrants, mainly muslims in West Bengal, Assam, Jammu and Kashmir and other border states. This sorting out was pending for a long time.  Those who can prove their citizenship will be normalised. Others will be documented and processed. Likely to be contained until a solution is found with the countries they might have come from. Some are a security threat for India and are a big drain on the financial resources...provided under the various government schemes.  Australia is deporting NZers......and putting asylum seekers from other countries on Manus island and Nauru. Pakistan has done the same with the Afghans. I am sure that the matter will be dealt with compassion it deserves.   Some mistakes will happen so a process needs to be put in place on to allow natural justice. I am sure that the right thing will be done. You can't leave these people in a limbo!   NDTV, please take note of what Mr. Shah has said here.
Modi is a big enemy of india
It is the job of Pakistan
West Bengal, Hyderabad, Entire kerala, Vellore district, COIMBATTIR of tamilnadu also should be treated equally as assam and conduct NRC..
Very Good !!! Go ahead and deport all Illegal Immigrants, Regardless of their Religion.People of India support this.
N R C.....MAKE IT NATIONAL ISSUE WITH MANDATORY  BIOMETRICS & DNA  FINGER PRINTS IN SPECIAL / SUSPECTED CASES,  AT THE EARLIEST.
Rohingya...... Rowdies should be caught & those who helped them to settle down should be penalized  with imprisonment & massive fines
This guy O o  C.... Let him confine  Hydrabad,  instead of interfering in other states affairs.                        Mr Gogai.... You should help the government as a responsible citizen of Assam & ex C M.
The NRC IS TOTALLY NULL AND VOID WORST PEOPLE MADE NRC PROCESS WITH GETTING BRIBES. REAL HINDU BENGALI HAS KICKED OUT FROM NRC.
Why in Assam only why not in West Bengal too?
Bangalis lured into Assam,kept,trained and used by India against Pakistan in 1970-71.They betrayed Pakistan and chose to work as traitors. Karma hits hard
Right decision
He Modi he would two pieces Very soon India.
Plzz they do not have bread to feed or stay home, where will they go in bad times. Government of India should do something for their livelihood. After all they are a human being. India is a safe country for them. I will be tortured again. Our country has been sending the message of peace and brotherhood to all the world from ancient time
did kashmiri hindu get a chance to vote or be any other benefits.  ? so why should muslims in assam
Muslim operators in NSK are responsible for manipulation in NRC
Illegal immigrants should be immediately deported. Congress is the root cause of this problem. Congress permitted Illegal immigrants in Assam, W.B & other North Eastern States for their Vote Bank Politics.
