We support nrc
Get all over world Hindus to india we love this happens soon and give south india to 20 crore muslim..north ,west,east give hindu  ...one india for all
Good job by government
19 lakh indians out because they were Muslims.  That makes me hate this Government.
Evict these illegal occupants irrespective of their religion, caste, creed, ethnicity, community from our nation. There r so many Tibetans, Chinese, Nepalese, Sri Lankan Tamils living illegally here to be kicked out outrightly Y targeting only a particular community?
Great news
Millions of Hindus  live in Malaysia and UAE. No issues.there population  has gone from 0 to 30%.No issues.But you can't  tolerate own people in their own land .where are values and honesty.The highest  number of legal and illegal  immigrants  in uk is indian by nationality. No issues.Hypocrisy is indian hallmark .No wonder our cities are becoming  like hell
12 blocks Hindu O 19 faghags cell block
Hindu Muslim Sikh Christians ate together my brother he's day take Agye now these days
Nurses should be applied and Indian rights also be a country give to someone Bahri citizen in your county
Im shuhaib sha from kerala..Assam Muslims, do not fear either.I will come ,im police officer (S.I) I got a post on Assam.I break the spine of the RSS & bjp... Dont affraid...
Hi
I am student
Uper wala ne ek hi dharti banaye or us dharti ko politics logo na apne faida ka Lia divided kar dia Hindustan Pakistan Bangladesh mera papa bihari hai bihar ka hai genuine Indian hai par proof chahiya proof dia fir v nrc mein name nhi aye
Well, All Indians are Illegal immigrants in all North East Bengal and Sikkim in a Tribal-State,  Indian are delivery outrunning the Asian Tribal
Order to hang and rohinyas relatives will take them.
nrc of all states should be made.
A poor place Why does change, so that one day the bread .. These poor have voter cards, depending on the card, bank account, election card where will the brother ..
There was only one India before 47 ... achnk divid hogaya ... kisi se pucha tak nei gaya ... Indian's rato rat divd hgya ... kch garib ase bhi honge Jo india se bahr ho gye magr rhna India p chate the ... mgr hogye bangldsh k ..... ab 19lkh ... ab inka kya hga ... some of the birth itself was India as ... phr bhi nam nei h ... mra dst h ek asa .. ..
I found the name of Sheikh Hasina Hon'bl Prime minister of Bangladesh in the  NRC list.
My advice- those who r really Indian by documents but still declared devoter get gun and kill the politicians or just die ..it's the only option...
Just kick them out...
In india only the people have a rights to stay and vote who have taken birth in this soil, they might be,hindu or muslim , it is our,country
FALTU NRC hoise
we need NRC tripura
Now send them back to Bangladesh!
it includes hindu, buddha not only muslims..stop fake news about nrc.
Anchoring is pathetic
Good decision .. We live in this age and NOT making any single document ? How were they claiming benefits then ?
Gareeb log he itne saal se rehre the kisi ka kya jara tha kuch nai fir ye kadam ka kya zarurat tha, ye sabh karne se government ko pehle economy ke bare me sochna chahiye jo sabh se bada mudda tha har bar sarkar achha karne ka bata ke bura hi karti he aur bolti he ye AAP ke bhalai keliye he bhai muje koi batao isse hum jaise logo kya faida hoga kuch bada faida he to theek nai to gareeb logo ko apne haal pe chod do
Indian Muslims Ready Ho Jao Ab. Next Tm Logon Ko Esa Hi Bahana Bana K Laat Mar K Bahir Phaink Dia Jay Ga. Aur Hindu Jsy Aj Shabash Dy Rahy Hain Modi Ko Esy Hi Un Din Shabash Dain Gy K Acha Kia Musalmano Ko Nikal K. Thank You Allah and Then Quaid E Azam My Hero For Pakistan. OMG Aj Hum Kia Kerty Agr Pakistan Aur Pak Army Na Hti. I love you Pak Army I love you Quaid E Azam. Hum Sb Ap Ka Ehsan Nahi Utar Skty. Once Again TWO NATIONS THEORYIs Proving Right Again After Proved In Kashmir.Even Tm Logon Main Itna Dam Nahi Ho Ga K Yahan Aa K Itna Keh Sakain K Meri Bat Thk Hai. All Shame On You.
very very goodjob india from KPK
Myanmar 1.1 million after a "friend of the state of Bangladesh .. let's see who is offering 1.9 million people in Bangladesh, where 1.9 people will ??? Hahahahahahahahaha ....
19 lac muslims striped from citizenships good job modi.
