Wanna slap those politicians so hard ,putting people in unnecessary trouble
That 20 lakh people are illegal and what about them? It's non of our business Throw them out
This great example love a toddy what is Dharamsala, India Home Minister Bnadia :)
NRC should be imposed in all states..wonderful initiative by BJP
Citizenship Amendment Bill must be implemented immediately; this is the solution.  If there is no universally acceptable definition of citizenship how is NRC list created?Also, the Exchange of Population is required now. Muslims have no right to stay in India after the Partition of India of 1947.Pratik Hajela is a worthless person; he should be demoted as SDO in the border town as punishment.
19 Lak will correct much less Abhibi 7 Lak Logoka from
Spread're NOTE Bondi Huatha
Why would a Bangladeshi Muslim migrate to India illegally and suffer here when he has got the land, rights and freedom, job in his own Country? This Bogey of illegal Bangladeshi immigration was actually started by the late RSS chief Mr K Sudarshan who was in charge of the North East from 1977 onwards till his death, just to gain political advantage and help the BJP. Maybe the ploy is to actually target the Muslims in India by branding them all of them as Bangladeshi and instigating hatred, communalism , riots etc etc. and maybe want to create another Gujarat 2002 Genocide of Muslims.
Real face of Evil Modi.....just trying to apply RSS Hinduta extremists fascist ideology all over the India.... For a long time it's was RSS dream....Want to become Hitler of this era.....All minorites should prepare to deal with them, specially Muslims.....
NRC need in tripura(agartala) 15 to 20 lakhs Bangladeshi here. Save india save tripura . Message from tripura community please  help us.
Congress let all these Bdeshis to enter for vote bank & because of corrupt officials the Bdeshi population increased by leaps & bounds. India is the natural home of the Hindus, it is their country. Muslims curved out their Islamic land in 47.
Those who excluded back to Bangladesh,Pakistan, Arab,Myanmar, srilanka, etc
Good disakassiona narakagadaro the hataovande Mataram
Its fact that mostly of Gujrati’s are communal/racist (like Lal Kirshan Advani, Modi, Amit Shah & many others) they hate other religion like Muslims,  Sikh & Christian people , they always targeted other religion & make policy against them because they have communal background.Other religions should be target (Gujrati products, business man, even peoples of Gujratis) & make them Paralyzed by economically, financially & socially. All world have to take revenge globally with Gujrati racialism otherwise they will more practice in future & kill many of thousand innocent peoples like (Gujrat riots 2002, Kashmir issue, NRC etc.) because now mostly ministry are under control by Gujratis.I have doubt that late Mahatma Ghandi was born as Gujrati because his personality not match with other racist/communal Gujratis.
Kuch giney chuney chutiyooon ne past mein decision liyaa ki let's divide the country and make Pakistan and Bangladesh and in bhosdiiwalo ki vjh se normal logo ne bahut kuch khoyaa r aaj b kho they Hain...in chutiyo ne humsey thodii poocha tha before divided the country..but they did and now humanity is facing the consequences in all these manners... Bangladeshi log ghusey kese gandu politicians?? Ghusey b to system ki kmzori ki vjh sey and low level of border security...shame on us and shame on the bloody politicians who are giving only pain to national public..
Pakistani IDIOT PAPUUNDTV & RAJDEEK
But when it suited, they where used for voting to have 19 lkh more
now they might soon replace with one anti-muslim based background officer and his team in NRC to exclude Muslims? Old expected Nazi tricks and ways?Muslims worship Koran?? Really!  Many like me thought you to be very knowledgetic. Muslims worship Koran? Oh! Petty knowledge about about Islam and Muslims has led you too be another Muslim-excluder. Please re-read about us sir. Humble request
BJP sick mind government ...very shamefulll President of India ....
Kick Illegal Bangladeshi muslims/Hindus out
We Indian Muslims demand separate country Islamic republic of Muslimistan
