Why only muslims are excluded tho....
It is too big disaster.
Garibon pr sarkar ko raham krna chahy garibon ke lye sarkar hoti hai na modi ji sb ki madad krnte na ap v to insan hai kya garib ka jaan nai hota unhe jina nai chahy kya ammir log ko jine ka hak hai
If you don't have documents who the hell are you surely not Indian nrc assam applies to all not only Muslims but all the illegal immigrants so don't try to play islam card here.
Notice Crow is also not rich all the poor to remove the Hindu-Muslim These nurse poor
@TRT..  NRC is the process to lost citizenship of muslims. No matter how many documents you have.  Now they want to exercise it whole India.  And all those non Muslim will give citizenship if they prove there religion.. They want to do like China or Germany. They studied everything from there and with support of isreal they are doing it in India
The victimization of calculation will give these Kuffharo, on a witness who happened ruin persecuted Muslims pay.
Endia always against Muslims
BJP govt go back
Stop NRC caa
This is an international crime. These are Indians. Hindu extremists groups RSS and its politicalwing BJP took away their citizenship. BJP govt has no legal position to take their citizenship. Its unconstitutional and illegal. BJP and RSS must be brought to for waging war on India and it's people.
All radical Islamic mindset terrorist entering illegally should be kicked out from every country like the Rohingyas
Turkey give all Syrian refugees citizenship then critisize us
Hitler modi...
Yet BJP stalwarts are calling the protesters terrorists, anti-nationals, pro-Pakstanis, and “tukde tukde” gangs wanting to break India up. Such communal falsehoods can only destroy what little trust remains between citizens and the state, wrecking justice, the economy and the statistical system.
World largest fake democracy is exposing!!
If they don't have proof of citizenship they can't stay in indiaNational security comes first These are illegal Bangladeshis No matter how much propaganda u spread we will not let them live in indiaProud of modi government for taking this step
May our Lord God Jesus give these troubled people respite.
No not all 1.9million people are homeless.please don't spread false information
This dangerous human crisis will effect on everybody in the world same as Syria (middle east) crisis effected to Europe.... If the world and UN do nt respond and do nt take action against Indian current government then it will be severe then you can not stop the human massacre. It will be written in the history like Hitler Germany...It is initial stage so, prevent it before its too late. UN and EU and OIC, G20, NATO etc... Every organisation should involve in this matter and resolve it before its too late. Dear world... Take immediate action on it otherwise it will lead another destruction in the world.. It is morethan a war...
All are going to state less just becoz they don't have 1970 land record ...
BJP it cell is in full swing of work. They are really busy. I am happy for them as the have got employment. Keep on doing your job brothers. I feel happy while reading the bjp it cell comments
Syria condition will be shown soon in India
I would like to see a vedieo from trt on human rights violation in Muslim countries
No CAA,no NRC. Never, ever.
Brutal
This would happen over the New India
This isn't the world I have imagined in my dreams. This is the cruelty at its best.
Look for Kurdis people.... Turkish stooge
Mohammed a.s said when the power comes in the wrong hand wait for an hour
Modi, BJP and RSS (terrorists) are incapable of running a country. Modi must resign.
If Mahatma Gandhi ji was alive still he would condemn Modi and would himself go and stand with these poor people.
Watching poor will Daldia justice and trouble
When your bestfriend is Israel what did you expect India?!?!?
MAY GOD HELP THEM TO GET RID OF THE TYRANNICAL REGIME
Hope coronavirus leaves China for Modi and BJP!
This is the Hitler Law Of Nuremberg To Ethnic cleansing to kill people
This is not our land,this is given by allah and he knows better how to handle with fascism
Really now assam muslim situation has so bad .The government was no democracy and humanity..
I am confused. Why would some people from thev same family get left out of the list? Why why would those with all the right documents be left out? This looks like an error in execution, which is most likely being appealed on the foreigners tribunal. Would people awaiting verdict end up in detention centers?Also, how is the state going to decide who is legal and who came in illegally?
India you should be ashamed of yourself. Reflect and think what you really doing. Oh and remember it will happen to you one day
God is InchAllah
THATS WHAT HAPPEN WHEN CRIMINALS GOT THE POWER..
Go back to you country irrespective of religion
The country is already paying huge cost by incurring unimaginable losses. Economy has crashed and the budget is going to make it worse - screww...wed. This is the doing of a pseudo-national and anti-people mafia - no less.
They have to leave Assam
All nonsense. Govt is correcting the entries if people have been left out incorrectly. This is how media creates havoc in the country. Nothing wrong in sending back the infiltrators. Good job Govt. Look at the number of kids each one of them has. Why should tax payers feed these many kids. All subsidies should be discontinued.
The comment section and people happy to see this happening is the proof of communal hatred spread by BJP .
99.99 percent of them are Bangladeshis
Good job that  NRC staff. Muslim population is bigger than own state Assamese.Assam state is crossway of Bangladesh Muslims
PLIZ HELFH WOLD LIDARS
Thanks to TRT
Shame on you india.
Shame on our democracy
Not most of them are Muslims.1.4 millions are hindu. That's why they are bringing CAA. To give citizenship every one except Muslims.
so sad for all of youALLAH will help you
so much wrong happening due to this rubbish BJP government and BJP real face is RSSthey want to make totally Hindutva a biggest largest democracy country shame on Fascist criminal Nazi BJP government
You all fools these people are not indigenous Indians they came to India in 1971 during Bangladesh liberation war . They stayed in India for 50 years and even managed to get citizenship illegaly. Our government is trying to send them back to Bangladesh .They are not Indians they cannot have Indian citizenship. They must return back to their own country. They are taking away jobs and lands of indigenous people
A Muslim Army is needed! One Muslim State.
as an Indian I am against caa but I see many Pakistanis saying Muslims are not treated equally in India but I just want to ask one thing why do you never point out your friend China condition of Muslims are way more bad their
I'm from Assam, India...safe here by the grace of Allah
Very unfortunate and we Claim to be the largest democracy in the world. What will happen to these poor people? Where will they go?
Zindabaad
India is independent sovereign country with democratically elected government. No other party can influence India or its Government to change its decisions. Modi will come to power again in next general election. They wanted a separate country, we gave them. India will no longer accept refugees and will not be divided again. They came as refugees after 1971 , overpopulated themselves , demanded voting rights and now demanding independent country. Hell no. Refugees must go.
The no.s are  said to be more but only 1.9 million is been identified.. How r dey suppose to be citizens of Assam when they cant speak Assamese.
Ty @TRTWORLD FOR INTERNATIONALIzing the nation.
What language are these people speaking? Have u noticed!  This ain't any one of our northeastern languages . This is Bangla language.... seleti Bangla  of Bangladesh. These are definitely foreigners. Anyone of my Indian brothers or sisters showing mercy or pity on them are also welcome to leave India and go to Bangladesh with them.  We don't want foreigners in India, be it Hindu ,Muslim or even God himself.
Turkey should accept all of these 2 million regugees to show support to their muslim brothers and sister and also they have the moral responsibilty as defacto muslim khalifa..india will be more than happy to assist Turkey in this great hummanitarian work by giving assistance of 2 billion us dollars..go ahead turkey
Inshaallah ,all these infiltrators will be SENT BACK to their country Bangladesh
They will go BACK to their OWN country BANGLADESH.
They aren’t stripped of their citizenship, hello? Who are you trying to mislead? These people are illegal immigrants,they don’t have a citizenship. This is not something which is unheard of America has deported illegal Mexicans back, England still keeps on doing it.What can one expect from a channel funded by the Turkish government.Stop with this crap, did you forget Turkey has the largest detention camps, and highest deportation rates? Why did you deport Syrian refugees? Go tell this story of yours to someone who believes.
Modi=Hitler
You Turkey itself why these do not give citizenship such a problem then?
We The People Of India...m reject the bill
Spoken 1400 years ago happening now
Modi government want to take away the rights of Muslim So they can't vote and elect the government
In detention camp no one is going to torture them they just live there and we will give them one time food and drinks and medical assistantance also I hope people will not abuse India so much
Best cooktail Turkish media with Muslim
I am from Assam.We expected the number to be around 5 million.We are rather disappointed with the NRC because it has identified only 1.9 milliom people.Just because they are muslims they won't be given citizenship here.Assam has taken the burden of almost 8 million Bangladeshi immigrants.Not anymore.These guys will be deported once Bangladesh agrees to take them backm.Until then,their voting rights will be stripped off.
Modi aur amith shaa ka aalam kiy hoga jab inse BHAGWAAN sawal karengay Waha tho Rishwath Dene k Liyeh tho kuch bhi Nahi hoga .... aabhi bhi waqt hy lout aavooo modi g aamith shah g .... meh aapko Deen ki Dawath Deta Hu touba kerlo Allah maaf kerne wala hy ...
First of all, I want to clear that I am not supporting anyone or anything. I am an Assamese. I want  the people to know that the CAA protests in Assam are not due to religion. It's because of the war between Assamese and Bengali language and culture. The people of Assam are not divided because of religion, but because of language and culture. The Assamese people are protesting against CAA because according to Assam accord (search it in Google) all the illegal migrants irrespective of their religions should be driven out of Assam. The illegal migrants are from Bangladesh, our neighboring country. And the date in Assam accord is written as 1971. No Assamese people, irrespective of religion, want the weight of other country's illegal migrants. We speak the Assamese language and the greater Assamese community consist of different tribes like Ahom, Karbi, Koch, Bodo, Kachari, Tiwa, Mishing etc. etc. Each of these tribes has their own culture and traditions and languages. But in Assam, the official language is Assamese. We are a community which is sometimes discriminated by the rest of India because of our Mongoloid features (the whole of North Eastern India faces this discrimination because we look more like Chinese than the so-called Indian look). There are some "Indian looking" people here like us, we migrated to Assam during the Ahom reign. The word "Assam" itself came from the word "Ahom". And the Assamese Muslims came and stayed here when the Mughals came here to fight during the Ahom reign in Assam. Assamese Muslims also speak Assamese. And we also have Marwaris, Biharis and Bengalis who migrated from Rajasthan, Bihar and West Bengal. We do love them but those who don't respect our culture, we don't want them. But most of the time, due to the language barrier, they face discrimination here.The main festival of Assam is Bihu, it's a festival which is celebrated by the whole Assamese community irrespective of any religion.Now CAA says that the Hindus, Christians, Sikhs etc. who came to Assam from Bangladesh due to religious presecution till the year 2014 can get citizenship of India. And Assamese people were furious about this act because Assamese people are very much crazy about their culture and they want to preserve it by any means. They don't want any illegal migrants who came here after the year 1971. That's why Assamese people protested against this act. This NRC was little bit  defective but we want a new NRC by any means.
Look at the small girl with flowers in hand
This is the result of making a tea seller cow worshiper the prime minister of a country.
So sad.Go back Modi- Shah
Indian media hater of B.J.P or lover of B.J.P is not showing it. Indian govt. Should listen them. I hope everything will be well.
Nice, get out foreigners
Pakistan is a fake munafiq country..all the Muslim country spits at that Pakistan... your only Muslim by name..that's all..behind closed door you drink dance everything.. we don't need India to be secular no more... if your people don't like Indian law... tell them to walk through that border and go Pakistan and bungladesh...as no one is stopping them
Either leave india or ready to die
Why cant our government change rules and regulations with NRC . I think this formula wont trouble to anyone in India. That is..Registering everyCitizen who are present in India NPR.India has 140 crore population if they mistake  in names address area state like wise even for 10% also because we r humans then around 14 crore people get affected wh is like a complete state space.Giving NPR card with digital technology so that they will get to know who r belongs to our country and who r outsiders. I hope our govt will understand future loss and benefit for our countrymen..
India is going to become Hindu rashtra (country), this NRC is a part of this.
What will they do on Judgement Day ? Grievous is the chastisement of MY LORD.
Save Indian Constitution REJECT  NPR NRC CAA RSS EVM
Trtworld u re doing great work for humanity
Roguishness with poor people.
Who is the owner of this channel... Did u ever visited Assam...Please visit if u can in the districts of Assam likeDhubri, Darrang, Hojai, Nagaon, Sonitpur...Most of them are illegal immigrants... They are eating the northeast like termites.. U guys are out of Assam so don't make any videos if u don't t know the History of Assam
Shameless political parties... Shame on you... When you died  and asper your faith  what you replied to almighty God..... Kuch tho sharam kerlo media kuch bhi kuch bhi.... Thuuuuuu hy trumper aur Tumaray system per... Shameless people
They're  marching to door of 72  hurr
Why BJP target Assam own symptoms, tell of Maharashtra, Hyderabad
its really tragic ...help them
Reject CAA and NRC....India is bleeding..
