If these laws localized Hindu Muslim both localized on the waters right if it would just be the result if the Muslims such as are for KK to even think
Fucking news channel people suffer from illegal migration and you r saying it gonna political issues mf.....worst news I ever here
Watija's second wife
Muslims and Hindu bangoli living in assam long before partition but now rss control bjp Hindu extremists govt saying if you are Muslims than you are Bangladeshi but in Bangladesh we have millions of Hindu living in Bangladesh if we say all Hindu are Indian just because they're Hindu it's will be wrong because Hindu living in Bangladesh long before Bangladesh was established as nation state but I'm shocked to see many Hindu extremists commenting without knowing anything about demographics history
Assam will be the same between the original tenant. Mullahs Islam quick out Rohigya
Neem leaf is bitter converge Sharma pimp
BJP always doing Hindu Muslim Christian Sikh Dalit and BJP lies Ram Mandir Issue See 15 Lakh Rupees Janta nahi dia Lakin 40 Lakh KU Out of India invitation deay dia
Garbari tu kar raha hey anchor uncle ... Sudurbhai ho tumlog .... Tumlog hi manipulate korte ho ... Sahey wo khshmir ka mudda or assam ka .... Fak This electronic media
Right
Opposition doesn't care for national security
The names of two wives because he came from Bangladesh
Converge Sharma en: Nazis children of Bangladesh
She is the mother Bangle innings with Abp trust in the public faghags cell
Iska matlab Do Bhai Bangladeshi Aur Do Bhai Hindustani Aisa Kyun Ho Raha Hai Aane Se Charo kar Aao nahi aane se nahi aana chahiye iska jawab Hame chahiye Hum Bhi Ek Assam nagrikta hai
Did not the two families in our 4 family why did not it do at
Jab bangladesh ghus rahe the tab ABP news kaha marr gaye the. Or sarnarthio yaha ake bache peda kare to bharat desh ne thodi sab ko palne ka theka liya hai, rohingya ne pichle 4yr me 16000 bache peda kiye. Inko kya ab bharat ko palna hai
"This is happening in Assam spraying of pesticides" medicine, and. Worms are Bilbila all over the country Hankkhe God "Mamata Banerjee," the Keejai the goat in the next life !! Are very bleating for intruders
Bangladeshi go back... Abp news fuck off
ABP news reader Sir,pl know the process of NRC verification from Mr.Prateek Hazel's before  broad casting the news.pl explain how Muslim population of Assam from 3 laksh in 15th March/1971 ( before birth of Bangladesh) becomes more than 40 laksh in 30th July,/2018.pl explain being 4th pillar of Indian constitution  as a neutral news reader.thanks looking forward.
The list will be true again ... Just Wait
Hhaa. Anyone Ma, father, brother missing
Neither R S ... so Hohi will we be able to be HOA to think Asa .. not R S Kkkm we the people
My mother does Baba was also named, but not mine ... Waiting for 7th Ug ... Pljh God play in Bangladeshi soil ... Joey came Assam .... Jai Hind ..!
Juth speaking will not speak any Rksa not gonna .. myself in the die itself to lie .. go in Bangladesh ..
This All people look bangladeshi interview Assamese in Assam asshole
I don't understand, why Media person only ask Bengali and Muslim community of Assam about the NRC list... Why don't they ask other communities as well... There are many names from other indigenous community as well whose names are excluded from the list... My own aunties names are excluded, my cousin brothers and sisters name are excluded but we didn't complain... As We are told by NSK that from 7th August, they can re apply and submit documents again...If any mistakes are there in the documents.. so why need to panic about that.... If there is any mistakes in documents, any mistakes in surnames, names then that's not administration fault or govt,s fault... It's their fault. So I think we should not politicalise it rather stay calm and cooperate the administration and the volunteers at NSK in resubmitting documents... Lastly I hope and wish, may all the genuine Indian citizen,s name appears in the final NRC list. Jai Assam, Jai Hind.
Bangla Desh Bachao Jay baggao in India
Nurses All State should
Congressr timot th ankua aku kam kribo nuarile tahatiu power pysil oxom khn bosable ... BJP a km se a2 hiddhanto k loise .. A2 bht vl kam krise hsake jdi NRC mote oboidho bangladeshi bur kheda khai ... Val result ata ulale .. . nischoi aikhn sorkar bht aagbohabo oxom khn ... Oxomr manuh bur a2 kotha bujibleii hl dekh khn dangr poisat k
Good and bold step by BJP government. Welcome NRC in Assam..
pls contact mera phn no,,9854434713
sir main app logoka assam ka ABP NEWS ka jaurnalism ke sath meet kor payenge kiya ,, hamara paschim Tamulpur anchalik (Aaansu) under (baksa district) ki taraf se ak sava ayorjon kiya hain toh live telecast karna hai ,, Meeting Date August 13
B.JP.KE.APESERU.KE.HERA.FERI
What lie Slay everyone Leaf was the migrant influx in a war in 1971 ......... Kdakyumentry far Ispy ,,,,,
Bangladeshi deserter
Did the app Rifuji. Seven are giving you app Aak des Drihi.
Dhing Naogaon dhuburi Hailakandi temple Bangladeshi se hai bharti
So Hey Grandpa Assam Europe became America .... we have to trade work V will ......
Anti national media should be sent outside with illegal migrant. When this host converted to child rapist religion??
Give it your number Abp News his bad we Bttata Who we are
Abp News thief may have to find this news to my country Jgra
Abhisarkjikapakakkamkkokslam
o drops shame IV NRC old
My father, brother, Babi came on nephew all hell Muay name. But not mine if Abp News What the app number so I will app full details of What.
Document Any makes Jaber galvanized ..... money Deke also take Indian Nasnliti Asily
truth is all bangladeshi bringing their people through support of other people once they enter into india they bring their relative slowly slowly....after ever 2 year you will find few members increase in their house....so who they are where they are come from...if a boy have brother or sister how can other near by people ever noticed but after 15 years you will find new members in their family and they says he is his brother or sisters....bangladeshi are cheaters they enter into indian territory illigally
Abisar Dhrm very Duki space
Man patronymic is Children's name Obvsly will come ....
Mom them these Rohngia Bangladeshio shove leave to ask what is it in their language telling the Bangladeshi
save alllllllllll people all is human
BJP Zindabad
Brother dog you do not know anything about hell your boss loses Tikmks slaves not you said it was not named did not he may appeal
Assam Meh very Jagg .... but Abp News just went to the Muslim people ...
Live cell whose father came India named Poyda save is saved will be Bangladesh cache
Yaar koi ye nh sochta ki jo hmary hindu log bangladesh me h unlogo ka bngladesh k log v to kuch na kuch krangy na .hmary hindu ko vo log bathsuluki se pesh aygeny ... hmary srkaar ko phlay hmary hindu k logo ko wapes bulana chaiyey usky bad bngladeshi ko unky desh bhejo
Good media
Dnt give 2nd chance...
This NRC is nothing but Harassment of these poor people
1st draft me hamare ghar ka kisika name nahi aya ... Mere didi ka ghar me didi ko sorke uske 3 bassa ka Nam aya tha .. 2nd draft me un 3 bassa ka name kyu kata ?? 2nd draft me mere maa ka name nahin hai
Bangladeshi Muslims Save shove the country, Congress Save Remove Country
Congress Bachao Remove the country
Broker Abp still heads the country
My mother name missing from NRC list.
Our goal of Bora brother and did not name their two daughters and was also named the Sob
Many illegal Hindus r included in NRC , only bjp targeting muslims
BJP RSS together all these Krha
This is a good decision by SC.
Whose name does not come all at sea I Phaco Kksel all Guspati ... all Bangladeshi ... seeing the same address Clgyakkhindu or Muslim ... just get
Abp's News traitor ..... ruin country
Do a little ashamed of Abp date foreseen B grows to a country
I am from Assam My father's mother's name was hell draft ... but mine did not name In my 2 ...
Converge G Congress
Mary did not name niye had sent
BJP Vidhaikshiladity Devbangladeshi Original
Ajmal to destroy the dog situation hrs today Assam should cell such This prison cell
If small .. should also name a Bangladeshi micro a child .. it will go ahead and Assam a citizen ..
Having your own little Hankknrs ..
It is our Bangladeshi ...... AVI and AVI ...
NRC has mara Maa tu aya
abhisar sharma is working for humanity
My uncle aunty grand father mother already exist name in nrc draft but how stupid they that my father mother and my name is not their... Some big politica going on..
They pretend Clrha BJP
Do exchange with bangaladesh send all the Muslim to bangaladesh and bring all Hindu in assam case close.
Inhone kaha ki finally agar name nahi ata hai to court ka bhi option diya hai but kya inlogo ko pata hai ek garib admi court mai kya le k jayega Jin logo ka D voter mai naam tha aaj tak un logo ko clearance nahi mila hai foreign tribunal court se agar clearance Mil bhi jata hai to fhir se list mai D aajata hai yeh sab business Bana rakha hai aur kuch nahi.
This is totally cheat by politically my grand father has name in the nrc list but my Father has no name even they have put my father name in D list this is all bullshit.
Only  NRC Ko gov. time pass khar raha hwi.
Mur disfigure 1970 sakari
Nurse transparency to the brother to her in J ......
Mother Assam which are Lakin doubt But Bulna century come, Dhkia if Batsuka Dukant not tainted Certainly you will name Btsa ....
ABP news bale interpretation re ma baby ,,, ,, ,, pistons when chodu
Oh Muslim Hegra ha ,,,, Hey Loru ,,, get knives ,, shred ,,,, Gun ,,, which ha ,,, Dr know Wanchodo we Rk do not disturb Muslim mofo Hindu
Jmra came Name
Nurse that I try to do is repeatedly Bangladeshi Hindu Muslim who came patchy Ilgali 1971 will leave only the Inlogonco Indian.
Lol all members of name My Family
Bangladeshi broker bodundina. Welcome to Su Sea .Seeing asam occurred.
The Obisar Srmaji Assamis they Slute Thus truth Dekhaiye
Ic tact all Assamis Lugong but we do not Darts
Bangladesh weighed
These Abp News is the nation's mutiny?
Bangladeshi Bago these countries save all out Bangladeshis from Assam
Khali then BJP Bohut Hindu Bangladeshis by not nurse Muslim Bangladeshi Mach Gandu Politics
Where the reporter is going... Is called Ding in Nagaon district of AssamIt is nothing but a mini BangladeshI think you are funded by Congress thats why you have choosen Dhing (Mini Bangladesh) in your showAssam ka yeh sab Congress ka kiya dhara hain....How these 40 lacs of people got Voter ID and other govt facilitiesI think This channel is also supporter of BangladeshiBcoz they are choosing all the controversial people and all supporters of Bangladeshi immigrants
Bangladeshi beater mind making Hoi's, could speak she Badruddin Kesiy 1800 year's, a thousand years of Muslim men living Haiii
Hit the big Uddin
Abp Past is crying
kicked out bangldeshi
These Badruddin here Bangladeshis are a very stupid man
Mr. Love Abp News Sclir news channel. Iam received Indian, for all this, the whole point of good Hindustan Our
Hammers burst Asia
D voter Matlab he bap Indian mother Indian beta D voter yes he khel Dvoter.
D voter Matlab he bap Indian mother Indian beta D voter yes he khel Dvoter.
Nurse named her second boy Assam is named In .My nor
30 Julie May nurse had a date to be published, it said Abp Valle from the show News 29th July
Asamij logo in Assam has made the minority, demography has been Cnge, are still kept folded in the eye
When West Bengal will Nrk
Which would not name the people it will all pay the news reader's home
The Abp that I am # manner and you cross the people are going Kandli dead right place I river that members Abp understood policy on so thousands Bangladesi
You Blme Yepe Krlo work here Jake hell again
Kia No Assam India? Foreigner is not Assam Indian Foreigner
Save Mulo shove Country
Fear not ye all here
Bdurrudin an own Bangladeshi
This list is very strict .... per bite Note Care About Family and Nonsense Reasons .... The list should have very good and apply it to all States.
Not converge are called ?????
Badruddin Ajmal India ???????
lakhs of Bengali speaking hindus are also excluded from list. Is n't the agenda of RSS a farce?
If all fake secular, anti-national Bollywood Khans then Joa happen throughout the country will go to the country.
The people of Anonymous have them as quickly as possible should send Bangladesh
Which is quite sad Abp
Bengali Hindu shove my Pyre Assam save Joey Minister Assam
Parents names. So what could have led to not being named the baby?
Converge riot will not be something you take it well
These all pose Krrhi the government to earn big bucks.
Throw out the Rohingya ....!
that means elected government of Assam is invalid
Is rigged
These converge Sharma should remain in India Rohingyas was speaking, he should then speak the Bangladeshis living in India
Less
Manner is loaded with full Bangladeshi
These people looks our Assamese to you? These are muslims or bengalis, send them too
Sir My Family I Sob Name Aya But my mother's name 1st draft I was But not in the final draft of my mother's name ... It's a Whole Process of Political
RSS Down Sala Hindutubri
