Modi's death will be really bad
Shame on you indian government..
Be implemented Nr seat in Delhi requests from government
the exercise of NRC in Assam has been completed.the govt. must immediately finalise further action in the matter before implementing CAA and NPR.why S.C. gave Govt. 1 month time to sound their their view on hundreds of applications on CAA being anti constitutional.Is S.C. incapable of deciding itself?
Have crummy job BJP leaders in
Modi is not good for indian options need
Assam historically has never been the part of Indian , they controlled their area have their own recognition so definitely need their own country
The man is crazy that can be better developed in India to live definitely appreciate. India, England or America, so much better than I think there is definitely appreciate. ******* cuda is India?
Are sad
Sir is poor deyan de ok
Pohile Nrc pe deyan de to thick hoga jishka baap ka name nrc me he aur beta ka naam nahi ushko arunachal me reefujee maan raha hen esilye Parmit dena bond hogiya
Patronymic Refugi value not Usko Arunachal name, O son of my Qiu only Muslim
Esta Siang District to Arunachal Pradesh permits Muslim hell without Po Ruksin bonds Hogia Qiu only Muslim
Sir muje malum hen jobav nahi dengge ferbi puchtahu ki jinka nrc pitaka nekla hen beta ka nahi to ushko arunachal Pradesh me ennar line Parmit deta nahi keyu akhir ehh rashneti kiya jishka Nrc me name nahi oh Bangladeshi he
20 crores people sleep without food every night.  Who supports investing 546630000000 in NRC try sleeping without food tonight. Lets see what will you ask the next morning food or papers.The 20 crores eaten their papers cos they didn't had anything to eat.
We support nrc
NRC bangla video https://youtu.be/7ET7QxnzRv8
Which country never ask birth certs....n which country give citizenship without any docs? Illegals must be wiped out...india do not use docs verification alone....where are ur relations, siblings, or recommendations prove etc?
NRC mere country Peee
NRC  down down down down down BJP police  down down down BJP police  down down down BJP leader
Dalul Ray
These videos look Pakistani Kia Bolhttpas: //yutukbe/ylksl 7 Frfia
Nurse is the fruit of the work of government
The conversation of CAA 1955  to CAA 2019 demands the new assessment. The birth certificates are essentially required now for your proof of residency which even Muslim & English Rulers did not require. Thus, new demand from the BJP side has produced new testing time for the masses especially the rustic villagers. The majority or some 90% among them do not have their birth certificates or allied documents. Therefore, many among them will be ousted like Assam residents. Their testing is unavoidable. Amit Shah seems to be front runner in raising these both controversy & huge uncertainty in the background for some 90% villages in India who do not have these documents currently. You are well aware that majority of our villages did not have hospitals in the past. Even now this medical facility is not much there. Before your NRC dates as stated by you, villages where your huge population resides, majority of births eere done by "Dahis" in the villages  or at homes. They surely have no birth certificates particularly for those dates as given by you. The illiteracy there would not give the other documents either as requisitioned by NRC. This NRC act may give disorder & turmoil. If you are so keen, you could do so for present era or times. But looks like you have a habit to probe into the past where " Dahis" era was there, more so in  the villages. Drafter of NRC & CAA appears to have  some mischief or the scant knowledge of the past of the " Dahii Era" who have given birth to millions & millions in those days which NRC is viciously referring to.  Removal or non-consideration of " Dehis" or home births which are still going on enormously in India or especially in villages is a soar point in NRC act. This is more so for those yester years in which this " Dehi" or home births were in vogue.  Therefore, your NRC wants to oust "Dehi" system . And, this is not o.k by them also which gives rise to  resentment & loss of job & earnings for them. All NRC  demands can not be complied with by them. Therefore, This belligerence is not understood. This can only disturb the smooth functioning of the Administration. Apart from the above, in essence NRC is asking each & every Indian to re-establish & confirm his  or her status in regard to his  or her birth & settlement of his credentials. If you keep this for the new or coming generation, it is O.K. But NRC  has relegated you to his or her past where most of us had been born out of " Dehi  Era" or at Home. To be candid, most of the birthday Certificates of then era either not available or if available M.C.D categorically states in most of the birth certificates that the record not found. Such birthday Certificates are surely going to cause chaos, confusion & utter bewilderment vis a-vis its acceptance for citizenship of any individual. Non acceptance is going to send you to " Foreign detection Cell" for in-depth Enquiry. And, if  this Cell  is not satisfied there,  you are "Displaced Person". This is humiliating & causing lot of anxiety to one & all. Surely, This diabolical problem has originated owing  to NRC'a removal of " Dehi  Era" or at Home births  from its scope as there were no hospitals in those days which you are referring so frantically now in NRC. Hence, this NRC production is vague & work of devilish brain. Therefore, it requires  rational re-determination.
government harassment
Please help me
Imagine this happening all over India . Its all waste of time and instead Gov need to focus on building the economy . Aadhar , census , voter I'd , PAN Card , birth certificate ... how many more  Id proofs ???
Mr. Hate This Modi Taco Dosra at Nhi schools worried Karra silent Logo

NRC Assam is a failed excercise , deliberately sabotaged , so much so that the biomatric taken were unfit and improper , where only one fingerprint is ok and 9 were accepted as struck out ,     You say 1900000 what about those who didn't apply and those who do not have documents to apply ?      Ground reality is drowned by media howling one narrative" 19 lakh !!!!!"       My own biomatric data bears only one fingerprint out of 10 , and i myself am  rejected as the only one in my entire ancestry of several hundreds of my relatives,     My documents were word by word spelling by spelling correct ,      Where the government fails to provide details as of my father's service book1954 ,my hospital birth record 1969, we flood affected , 1950 earthquake affected , 1962 Chinese aggression affected were asked to provide documents ????      IS THIS A JOKE !!!?     Why government isn't taking the burden of proof , ?     Should individuals bear the burden of proof ?     We are citizens by birth , till ammendment of citizenship act1955 during  1987      If the learned government do not know who are the citizens ? How we ,less learned expected to know the same ,      No civilized nation can enforce law to punish execute retrospectively ,      You cannot enforce law in 1987 to punish a crime of birth during 1972 !!!!
https://youtu.be/Ar0Rfjrmm_U
https://youtu.be/Q2fIvqrygsY cow India
Thy mouth Lauda what Fifififufu the Hsi
Nothing is Going To happen by Your Weeping we people need To stay safe and We have decided to Throw the Illegals Out of this nation That's why we have Voted modi and he will win again and again...
#I_Support_NRC_CAA
Is proof of birth of our Lord Rama in Ayodya was Tume year now see before their 1970 level of Nhi
There is no sach media to show reality enviroment All famous media person sold his Conscienced also indian movies stars include. 28 people died in india kindly support humanity No Religion is Higher than Humanity
I kept a lookout for the home guard Prove now the janitor saying you are the owner of this house
Wake up Muslims in India, Modi said the government Bash ...
Bamboo Modi government wants to Goa
Boring news
bbc why don't u show sittuations of Hindu and Sikhs in Afghanistan and Pakistan. U don't have gutt to raise voice against terrorism. U r afraid of them and u know if u do that u will be killed
India becoming like Saudi Arabia ...dictating going on
Nurse Best schools intruders bring out, are new no need to fear the Muslim thousand Hindu that of those that will be here.
Central prize with viral on the afternoon of India
Mohammed RS
Amit Shah pur t Why yes it is poora
They belong to Bangladesh..now  Bangladesh is a Muslim country and  don't want to take these Muslims...wow.
Indian ask for residency if they stay here in uk for 10 years and they have been living there for generation and now they have become illegal immigrants
Assalaamu alaikum wa rahmathullahi wa barakathuhu..... I wonder if Modi and Amith Shah have got these proofs with them... Bloody, Modi hasn't his wife with him.... He himself is like a street dog roaming around... Chaai wala.  Why is he harassing common people.....???? .  India is a democratic country.... I believe he doesn't know the Preamble of India.  I personally believe that he should have seeked people's opinion. He is slowly changing Democracy to Dictatorship...!!!!  We need to raise...... Plzzzzz do help each other..... May Allah be with us...
Amit Shah, who did not see, but I saw the devil Ibalisa.
The country malevolent they have to protect the nurse country opposed to Hell
To know more about NRC https://haqbaatein.blogspot.com/2019/12/
allah is just a flying donkey
Nurses should not be ..
Hindus are obviously targeting Muslims
His question is why?...@Answer is She is  "MUSLIM"And. The family is "MUSLIM"That's all...
Indian people no accept cab and nrc
Real indians are the British It's the British east India company who created the modern india..
BAN BBC
First of all BAN BBC
Saiurkk uddld hamrakor
Only .... the Hindu Hindu Hindu phascism Country's Good, Good, Good, only the RSS, Hindu, Hinduism All World
The British were leaving behind Uko some mutiny BBC nickel
JUST IMAGINE... IF ALL THE CHRISTIAN COUNTRIES AND MUSLIM NATIONS AROUND THE GLOBE DECLARE TO DEPORT ALL HINDUS FROM THEIR COUNTRIES AND ALSO  STOP TEACHING MODERN TECHNOLOGICAL KNOW HOW AND DISTRIBUTING THEIR WEALTH (INCLUDING OIL) TO INDIA.... WHAT WOULD BE THE SITUATION OF INDIA THEN?.....THEY WILL  BE LEFT ONLY WITH A LANGHOTI AND A KHATORA.....INDIA IS DEPENDENT ON ALL THESE CHRISTIAN AND MUSLIM NATIONS ON A DAILY BASIS ... BUT THE WAY THESE HINDU NATIONALIST ZEALOTS ARE BEHAVING WITH INDIA'S MINORITIES LOOK LIKE THEY ARE DIGGING THEIR OWN GRAVES....
Fascist prime minister Modi in india
BBC you take a migration in uk
I'm an Indian Origin British Citizen who left India 30 years ago. Like myself there are millions of other Indians (mainly Hindu Indians) who have left their nation and migrated in dozens of various other countries which are all literally either Christian countries or Muslim ones such as UAE, Malaysia etc. My point is if India is economically thriving so good as they are  chest thumping and drum beating themselves day in day out,  then why on earth so many of these Indians are leaving their country and begging the governments of other nations to take them in?.  These Poor Assamese are fighting for their survival in India in such poor conditions that they hardly have a thatched roof over their head and struggling to have a square meal per day which is being deprived from their livelihood by the Indian government under the pretext of NRC.
All responsible go to India government because India government had applied IMDT low to protect Bangalades in 1980. India government had killed 855 (all were students) own citizen to protect Bangalades in 1981-90 that why our people need freedom.
INDIAN JOKERS MODI AND AMIT SHAH WANTS EVERY ONE IN ASSAM TO PROVE THAT THEY HAD COME OR HAVE BEEN  LIVING IN ASSAM BEFORE THE CREATION OF BANGLADESH WHICH WAS IN 1971 WHICH MEANS THAT THESE POOR PEOPLE WHO CANNOT PRODUCE DOCUMENTS DUE TO THEIR POVERTY AND ILLITERACY DESPITE LIVING IN ASSAM FOR 48 LONG YEARS ARE LITERALLY NOT INDIANS AND HENCE MUST LEAVE THE COUNTRY..... NOW.... THE POINT IS,  THERE ARE MILLIONS OF HINDU INDIANS WHO HAVE MIGRATED TO UNITED STATES, UNITED KINGDOM, OTHERS NATIONS OF EUROPE, AUSTRALIA, CANADA AND NEW ZEALAND (WHICH ARE ALL LITERALLY  CHRISTIAN COUNTRIES) IN THE LAST FEW YEARS AND ARE BEGGING THE GOVERNMENTS OF THESE NATIONS TO GRANT THEM GREEN CARDS, INDEFINITE STAY, PERMANENT CITIZENSHIP ETC ETC SO THAT THEY CAN BECOME CITIZENS OF THESE COUNTRIES. KEEPING INDIA'S NRC IN MIND, THESE DEMOCRATIC WESTERN COUNTRIES MUST REJECT THE STATUS OF THESE HYPOCRITE INDIANS FROM THEIR COUNTRIES AND DEPORT THEM BACK TO INDIA AND RATHER BRING THOSE FROM ASSAM WHO HAVE BEEN REJECTED BY INDIA  DESPITE LIVING THERE SINCE 1972.  YOU CANNOT HAVE ONE RULE FOR YOURSELF AND ANOTHER RULE FOR OTHERS. 48 YEARS IS A LONG TIME TO PROVE THAT YOU ARE THE CITIZEN OF THAT COUNTRY DESPITE LIVING THERE FOR SUCH A LONG TIME. BUT HINDU INDIANS WANT TO OBTAIN THE NATIONALITY OF CHRISTIAN NATIONS SOON AFTER MIGRATING THERE WHILE THEIR GOVERNMENT IN INDIA IS DECLARING HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF NON HINDU ASSAMESE TO LEAVE INDIA....UNITED NATIONS MUST INTERVENE AND TAKE STOCK OF THIS SITUATION.....
Waiting For Jail. No Tention Provided Free Food. Only Lost Is Freedom
British must take back all those illegal immigrants
Those who do not pay bribes will be excluded from the list. The passports and other documents purchased by the illegal immegrant is more original than the actual Indias have with them. They have paid 25000 rs per person for the documents. This is an organised Indian racket.
India already inhabited by 1.5 billion so what the harm if 19 million would be there in addition
BBC make a video about immigration of Europe
Deeply shameful , india do u have any guilt ?
Not a single face looks assamese here..lol
Gandhiji BBC from sugarcane will be at home and abroad, and colabedhapa & gachenama Modi bet it's pure grace, dhopa bet, do not run, run najaya Hind
God suffices us
Very nice. I've subscribed to the channel. 006 undivided Midnapore passion chest journey to the newspaper "News Now" - the campaign to expose new horizons. "News Now" has emerged as the news channel on YouTube! Ask all your friends and well-wishers, our channel and comment, like, share, like, and subscribe to must be next. Thank you. All will be well.
Another nurse format should also be in this very important form that would be hell will Bagdia 70 parent Teroist Jai Hind
I want a full hindu country(filtered)
Great job awesome news
Paper work in India were so easy to make when congress was in power . They just needed vote to stay in power so they did it
Critics can say anything . Nobody wants illegals in their country.  Why do u think US fences its border between Mexico.
If the government has expelled only Nepalese, there may be a number of jobs to Indians
Q. Where are applicable across the Hindu Nursi marcoda
Modi Mother Chode
Cutting
Human sacrifices are common in Assam. They simply walk into peoples' homes and behead someone. This for a better harvest, rain etc.
Today, once again became the country slave brother either die or die
Madahrchod modi jada paytra kaarrA
These cuts country Towards making slaves
These cuts country waste Krdia bastard brother
India is going to be the future of the single varieties and single religion. Kashmir will be cut off after the first bangalidera slowly destroys the nations Hindi and Hindu domination in the country.
BBC ,soon NRC will be implemented in whole India ,and citizen amandment bill to so each n every illegal muslim immigrants will kicked out of country soon and hindu , chirtian , Buddhist ,sikh refugees from bengladesh , Pakistan and Myanmar will get indian  citizen Now buy more stock of burnol ,you will need it soon
Great Britain become Islamic nation
Bangladeshi go back
Best  news
Remove Modi Des Bachao
Pakistan should give then asylum
it's just a harassment....... they will never be able to make a fair list.
NRC logic to prove citizenship of india: ME: I HAVE INDIAN PASSPORT ISSUED BY GOVT. OF INDIA( only given to citizen of India)NRC: YOU ARE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTME: OK, I'VE BIRTH CERTIFICATE NRC: STILL YOU ARE ILLEGAL, SHOW SOMETHING BEFORE 1971,24TH MARCH MID NIGHTME: TAKE THIS TICKET OF CAPLINE CINEMA HALL , MY GRANDFATHER VISITED THERE WITH HIS GF IN 1910NRC: YOU ARE VERIFIED INDIAN CITIZEN...
informative
This video explains the plight of NRC. A 38 year service in Air Force was not sufficient for Mr. Sarmah to prove that he is an INDIAN. SHAME on BJP. Where is Modi now ? He comes from election to election and then disappears. .... Watch this video... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWKYCAhsx24
And Vote BJP
Today, Modi, who was taken to the death penalty for Shayan Modi today said the fate of everyone who
So basically you guys want to ruin Bengalis wow people voted you bengalies voted you and you are doing this to us... is it right???? U guys want to make it uk !!!?? People are living here happily if something happend to India we all will fight back ...hum log Bangladesh ko nhi support karenge !!! We are Indian we raised with Bande mataram !! It's heart breaking desicion!!! Are not those people human ?! Chote chote bachhon ki dreams ka kya????? This is disgusting and I don't think there is humanity left in us ! This is the start of Ending the World !
Hindi
its may be one world record, , after election bjp govt said, they are foreigner, although they voted, ..i am not a citizen but i have right to vote indian election, no another country do that, only can india,its a 8th amazing things  may b, like pyramid, tajmahal, ....etc etc..
BBC suck and support terrrorist in india boycott BBC
Get all bangldeshi muslims out Don't want anymore jihadis or muslim in this country
Gorkha save the country From the past and fight many warBut the are away from NRC listThis will ruin our country
NRC is a very bad way
Assam or hantir ohabbbbbb
Nkrkc sub k liye harmfull hai chlo aaj 19 Mai 7 lakh k gher barbaad kar rahii hai Bkjkp Kiya pata aage chal fir se koie Pagal gvrmnt aaie aur Bache huie 12lakh k vii Ghosle tod de
Faltu news
Disband BSF and take action on government agencies for not recognizing and keeping them in Assam for more than 5 decades  They came 1 from Bangladesh and after 40 years they are 100 in family tree .How comes Bangladesh going to receive 100 from family trees
In Rs 2000 crores suppose to construct Olympic stadium in Assam simple wasted money of Assam making Family Tree.As we all came to know that mostly childrens are not enrolled but their parents already enrolled so sooner or later all 19 lakes will be legalized. NICELY MADE FOOL KEEPING LOCALS OF ASSAM IN LINE ALONG WITH BANGLADESHI
And why do you like this video charisa you'll gamra
Tarabo and his father know us
His group's dark Mari grocery cabale
Haha or vote do bjp ko
Now the entire country that will, each family one or two members according to the number will be deleted from the list and they will be filled in prison by proving foreign |
BBC channel is a Terrorist Chanel, go to Hell
Ofc, there will be more Muslims than Hindus coming from Bangladesh. Do you think Bangladesh has more Hindus than Muslims?
About rull objeson Assam NRC
News is good,,,but your lenguese is not good.its assame so continue to assamese/hindi
Nickel Lude
brushes
Send them back to Bangladesh or London.London the New Islamabad.
11 million are Hindu banished the BJP who Logone BJP votes Deke Jitwaya ...
It's all proscriber with the Muslim religion
Modi cell bastard
He fuckin dog
this all people are india citizens
huge mistske nrc.people must be fight
this people live here 60 to70  years .1942 to they live here so must be they are citizens.even nrc they do not make register with national id make mor mistake.if england husband is british ,and he getting married different country girl .and his wife  getting citizen even her kids getting citizens.why not india.where is human right.but before 1948 we was one country bangladesh ,pakistan,india was one country.this assham people all are india .they live here 1942 those people grand father,father .we need more big fight india  assham .protest for peopke right
I am not agree... Because so many students are there where they will go...
Bangladesh border should completely should be sealed and which are suffering the Hindu minority must have a mobile app Banke Uspe application to Land for their India in Bangladesh and give citizenship
They will be deported . Rule is Rule .
A little comparison of Economic and Human Index between India and Bangladesh _______________________________A child born today in Bangladesh would be more productive than his peers in India and Pakistan, as the country fared better than its larger regional competitors in a new World Bank ranking. Bangladesh has outpaced both the South Asian average and the lower middle-income average in all criteria, except for stunting, in the first Human Capital Index (HCI) prepared by the World Bank. Students in Bangladesh scored 368 on a scale of 625, with the highest representing advanced attainment and 300 representing the minimum attainment.Additionally, Bangladesh ranked 106th among 157 countries that were used by the WB for the list. Sri Lanka topped the list among South Asian countries, with a ranking of 72. Nepal was placed at 102, India at 115, Afghanistan 133, and Pakistan 134.The HCI reflects the productivity as a future worker of a child born today, compared with what it could be if he or she had full healthcare access and complete, high-quality education, on a scale from zero to one, with one as the best possible score.It said a child born in Bangladesh today would reach only 48 percent of their full potential unless they enjoyed complete education and full health.In India, a child will be 44 percent productive and in Pakistan 39 percent.  Sri Lanka tops South Asian countries with children reaching 58 percent productivity, followed by Nepal with 49 percent.In Bangladesh, stunting (impaired growth and development of children) and quality of education holds back a child from achieving their full potential, the WB report said.The index, launched yesterday at the World Bank-IMF Annual Meetings in Bali of Indonesia, shows that 56 percent of children born today across the world will lose more than half their potential lifetime earnings because governments are not currently making effective investments in their people to ensure a healthy, educated, and resilient population ready for the workplace of the future.The rankings, based on health, education and survivability measures, assess the future productivity and earnings potential for citizens of the WB members, and ultimately those countries' potential economic growth.Singapore topped the list, followed by South Korea, Japan and Hong Kong, while African countries fared the worst in the rankings, with Chad and South Sudan taking the two lowest spots.According to the report, in Bangladesh, 97 percent of children are likely to survive to the age 5 and about 87 percent of 15-year olds are likely to survive to the age 60.This statistic is a proxy for the range of fatal and non-fatal health outcomes that a child born today would experience as an adult under current conditions.Furthermore, a child who starts school at the age of four will complete schooling by their 18th birthday. The country performs well in gender equity. A girl has a higher human capital than a boy.But, with about 36 percent children stunted, there is no room for complacency.About the healthy growth, the WB said 64 out of 100 children were not stunted. However, some 36 out of 100 children are stunted and at risk of cognitive and physical limitations that can last a lifetime.AB Mirza Azizul Islam, a former adviser to a caretaker government, told The Daily Star that through this report Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen's remark on development of Bangladesh had come true as Bangladesh was ahead of India in the HCI.Bangladesh performed better than India and Pakistan due to growth acceleration and improvement of health and education sector in the last few years, said Islam.It is also a contribution of women empowerment as the female involvement is increasing in income generating activities, he noted.A country score of 0.5 means that individuals -- and the country as a whole -- are forgoing half of their future economic potential. Calculated over 50 years, this translates into deep economic losses: a 1.4 percent annual loss in GDP growth.The study report gives policymakers compelling evidence that delivering better outcomes in children's health and learning can significantly boost the incomes of people -- and of countries - with returns far into the future.Human capital -- the knowledge, skills, and health that people accumulate over their lives -- has become a key factor behind the sustained economic growth and poverty reduction rates of many countries in the 20th century, especially East Asia.In a statement, World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said, “For the poorest people, human capital is often the only capital they have.”“Human capital is a key driver of sustainable, inclusive economic growth, but investing in health and education has not gotten the attention it deserves. This index creates a direct line between improving outcomes in health and education, productivity, and economic growth. I hope that it drives countries to take urgent action and invest more and more effectively in their people.“The bar is rising for everyone,” Kim added.“Building human capital is critical for all countries, at all income levels, to compete in the economy of the future.”On the World Bank's statement, Finance Minister AMA Muhith said: “Over the last decade, our government has consistently improved human capital and created better opportunities for our population. We have reduced child and maternal mortality, and the fertility rate.”He said Bangladesh was among a few developing countries to have achieved gender parity in school enrollment. This progress is reflected in the Human Capital Index.About the performance of Bangladesh, Qimiao Fan, country director of the WB for Bangladesh, Bhutan, and Nepal, said: “Bangladesh's strong track record of poverty reduction and development shows that with the right policies and actions, further progress is possible.”
indian gov. following ideology of Chinese gov. and  Israel way to torture Muslim and other lower cast and minority within india
Kick all the Indians out of Bangladesh and the world..
0:33It's NRCNot NCR(national capital region)
Don't worry, India will do something good for these citizens.
End of the day it is the poor who suffer the most!!!!
This reminds me of..of...Sheindlers list
Kill the critics first. They are responsible for weakness of India
Bebakufi r who aadhura
Kick EVERY illegal immigrant out of EVERY country.
Hey BBC just ask your gov if they want them ...so called human ri8 activists Britain who killed crores of innocent people destroyed civilizations looted resources raped murdered people's in every corner of world  now teaching us lessons of human ri8indians ,Africans hate you from core of their heart even Americans and European countries hate you... Elizabeth
Attack on indian high commission office in London is not acceptable ....if Britain will let them use their soil against India it will deteriorate relationship between both countries....if Britain want hostility with India then they can surely support pakistani agenda
Kashmir has been a protest before the people of Assam niekhana you will be chased.
Illegal immigrants must be kicked out ! This country is not orphan country. We have build this country with our sweats & blood and we keep on doing this
Whoever calling them Bangladeshi then they forget that once upon a time Bangladesh was part of India. So how they are different from Indians.
Your BBC Hindi is biased channel, hire new people.
BBC ...fire the reporter  i couldn't recognise that species
Goodness, stateless people...
Great job doning grvt  .....
Dear BBC and Citizens of Britain....if you people have any problem or much empathy with the illegal immigrants of a foreign country. i whole heartedly request you all people to adopt each and every one of them and give them shelter food and every resources available. We the people of Assam and India will be forever grateful for this generous effort.                       yours sincerely                       a true Assamese
Send them all to Al Jazeera Homeland (Qatar) and BBC Homeland (Britain). They are accepting all Illegal Immigrants from Pakistan, Bangladesh and Burma Go, Go !!! Leave India for only us Racist Indians, If throwing our Illegals makes us Racist then we are Proud to be Racist.
Credit goes to Extremist Hindus (BJP, RSS, VHP etc)..Now you all will be called "Racists" in the whole world for generations for unfair treatment to Muslims, Christians and other minorities. You guys have set example of Nazi Germany. Shame on the Indian Government.
I am Iresh,, We want free Ireland from UK,, UK human rights violating in Ireland...Free Ireland
Just Because of BBC one day Indian people will start hating England....
This kind of cruelty is expected from RACIST , FASCIST INDIAN HITLER HINDU MODI and his Government I just want 2 say one thing to Racist Fascist Hitler Modi , Every Pride had a Fall
The grief of this world will never end  Because we give value to religion more than humanity
Per Capita Income of Assam is $ 1200 and Per Capita Income of Bangladesh is $ 2200. Why poor people in rich countries will be in the state? Bangladesh is Muslim majority Country. Many Indian Muslims has come from India to Bangladesh. Is it not natural process? Near about 10 Lacs Indian illegally stay In Bangladesh and working in Germents Industry which industries are the 2nd largest in the World. Ass cow dung and cow dung on the Hindus ??
I think that 80% people working in in bbc are radicalised group of islamists
Kick out Indian from Bangladesh.
In 1971 Pakistani armies target were Hindus, not Muslims, cause Pakistan knew this war is happening for India and Bangladesh leaders are getting shelters from them. India's all borders as China, Pakistan, Nepal, east Pakistan all are enemies if India can handle east Pakistan then it will be a great release for India otherwise, India will be break 14 pieces. Whatever So Maximum Hindus have left Bangladesh and take shelter to Calcutta, Calcutta was a big city from the British period, so facilities in there not in Assam. Bangladesh is much comfortable then Assam for any person whether he Muslim or Hindu. So the claim of India government that is only to destroy Muslims in their own motherland as like Myanmar did with their people
Jai Shri Ram
It's India internal matter.... stay away from this...
Not just aasami .also Give Assam state to Bangladesh with asami . Ok
India sabcheye osovvo deshe porinoto hotey jachhe ... nijher nagorik k kivabe hoyrani, julum o tofath kortese ..... beshi barabari kortese ... sobar sadhin howa darkar.
Hahaha 19 Million Man 13 lakh Hindus have Bangli
Kick out banladesi from assam....
Grateful to BBC for showing the reality.....now no Indian will accept.....but don't worry keep it continue..... Doing very well....
Real face of Evil Modi, RSS Hinduta extremists fascist ideology....He is trying to become a new Hilter of this era....Killing in Kashmir is going on. International media aren't allow to go inside the valley.RSS Hindu extremists terrorist are killing, torturing with Indian army.All the minority are unsecured....
News anchor lady talk like British when she looks like Indian!
Bbc cover more about innocent kashmiris killed by Indians
bbc check are you in list too?
Now feku modi is finding refugees within its citizens  !!! Lol
Pray to Allah the moon god and he will work it out.
They demand separate muslim country out of India because they didn't want to live with polytheists idol worshipping Hindus. After they get their separate country from India. Than they come to India to create more troubles. How is that even fair??
Wow, the Modi government is looking more and more like a piece of shit.
Pratik hajela ne jhamela kay siye swadeshik bideshi sajale
Hate Secrets Kmyunitis nurse if TN people may be stolen file of Rafael said that documents her 70 years ago Milnge
those Brit
Britain is ready to take this people.
If you have problam then v can sand all of this peuple to your country
Come Inn All Madrchodo this country
2 million in just one state of India . it will be 2 times if filtered properly .  if west bengal and all other states are counted it will go  above 20 million
Never spoke Chinese schools so
Rubbish
Well it's ass-am, their ass is infront of them. No wonder they will make such a mess.
So typical modi fans think(not all and if you don't fit in this catagory, I'm sorry. forgive me) that Assam is a prosperous nation, have a lots of employment facilities, has a very decent HDI, is a very important land to build up career and so people from Bangladesh needs to go to Assam. No bro, you have no logic of this claim. You don't have such a great employment facilities and a decent HDI and human rights situation compared to Bangladesh so that Bangladeshi Muslims and Bangladeshi Hindus would go to Assam. Don't believe me? Why not search google? Assam is below Bangladesh in the charts. Come on, this would have some sense if this false Bangladeshi immigrant issue was presented in Kerala which has a decent hdi, employment facilities and human rights.So, let's have a debate. Make me to feel wrong?Again if someone personally believes that this issue is totally wrong (which is actually wrong) I apologize. Don't be offended. I am saying to just typical modi fans.
East K Now Assam Tht's Mera Bharat Mahan! Jai Hind!
Britain.canada.new zealand leftists is going to take 2 million illegals
Save northeast Indian people means save Mongolian people we should deport all the non indigenous foreigners
BBC - please help us to deport the foreigners
Where is the coverage of Sikh girl converted to Islam by force in Pakistan??? Coward crackhead BBC
This channel should be renamed as IBC - Islamic Broadcasting Corporation.
she is moving way too much***
Bangladesh economy is growing faster than Indian economy. wait and see.
BBC, please cover the news of the Sikh girl who was force converted in Pakistan.
Breaking News Imran Khan has enrolled himself to the Detention Center in China for rest of his life.... Silly boy.
Hey BBC what is happing with northern Ireland?
Is it NCR or NRC. In the subtitle it shows NCR and it's full form?
This problem was created by the British at partion. May be they can take these illegal immigrants in Britain.
Tripura Need NRC , immediately
The world should react now especially kicking out all the illegal Indians. These Indians trying to act rich,, where even a dog is not safe and they are claiming to have millions illegals.. what they forgot that they are a poor country.
Oh my god, the sectarian hatred is so evil, I just can’t understand what has happened to the world. Why are we taking sides and naming names? It appears that we’ve been overrun by corporate and political demons in every country.
First of all the world needs NRC for kicking out all the illegal Indians from around the world. A poor country is trying to act rich
1.9 million is too few. All 4 million are illegals from Bangladesh. Look at how they are speaking- East Bengal bengali
Duh, Bangladesh is full of muslims.... so if someone's from Bangladesh as a illegal then they would most probably be a Muslim.
Bangladesh is a very small country but has 160 million people. How we even end up having so many people in so small of a place, I sometimes wonder
Saudi owned BBC won't show sikh torture in pakistanhttps://youtu.be/4RHwsX6DayI
All are illegal Bangladeshi migrant...even my workers are from Bangladesh...
The United Kingdom to follow suit after no deal on the 31st OctoberTHIS IS BREXIT COUNTRY
than game
Bangladeshi muslims are taking over NE India, the same as they are taking over Burma, Thailand and the Philippines. It is to late for Indonesia and Malaysia, they are lost.
What NCR? NRC NOT NCR NOW I know White people they cannot see india good thing
All indians should also be kicked out of Europe
Thats True.....NRC only target Muslims
The family of former President isn't in the list
Not trying to start anything. But just because you have paperwork, doesn't mean it's legitimate paperwork. If the government doesn't believe your documents are authentic, well I can't really blame them for not putting your name on the list. If you think about it, India is really just conducting a census. How India handles the illegals is going to be the issue. But India has the right to remove those it claims are in thier country illegally. It's tough, but that's life.
Are they leaving town because peado Andy is coming ?
These termites will be thrown into bay of bengal.
Intruders should be thrown into sea .
They use these bangolez and now they want to put them in a trash.
May ALLAH help our Kashmiri and Assam's Muslim brothers and sisters. InshaALLAH soon zio-puppet India will learn their lesson like that of Namrud, Feraun, Hitler..... still they have chances to change. If they don't they will have no one else but to blame themselves and themselves only.  Sadly they have arrogance......
This is true.. Fascism on the rise in this BJP Modi led Government after a populist votes. BJP leaders are openly making a Propaganda of flushing out so called illegal immigrant from Assam. The bitter part is even the genuine citizens who had even served in the National Security forces are made illegal immigrants. Truly a shame to humanity and a disgrace to have BJP led Government in centre
Ridiculous
Well done india. Lets hope the uk follow suit.
We should perform NRC in west bengal  too. It is  filled with Bangladeshi illegal immigrants.
Check out this video about Kashmir, it's very interesting.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40F5qrm2fIE
Obama deported more than 2 million illegal immigrants, mostly brown people. Was he racist against brown people? Of course not! every country has to police their border. It has nothing to do with religion, it has to do with the law.
We have tolerated these illegal immigrants for 4 decades now it's time to send them back.
FUCK NRC FUCK BJP FUCK POLITICS FUCK INDIA PAKISTAN KASHMIR FUCK EVERYTHING. ..TODAY'S ERA A PERSON LIFE SPAN IS MAX 70 YEARS OUT OF WHICH HE SPENDS 20 YEARS IN SCHOOL COLLEGE ETC ETC IN EDUCATION ANOTHER 20 YEARS IN SEARCH OF JOB GETTING MARRIED TAKING CARE OF FAMILY CHILDREN'S ETC ETC SO WHAT LEFT IN HAND 30 YEARS IF WE SPEND THESE 30 YEARS ALSO IN THESE BULLS HIT NRC BJP INDIA KASHMIR SO WHERE DID I LIVE MY LIFE ....SO CHILL ENJOY LIFE EACH MOMENTS EACH DAY EACH SECOND AND AS SAID FUCK NRC FUCK BJP FUCK POLITICS FUCK INDIA PAKISTAN ISSUES WATCH THERE DRAMA AND ENJOY THOSE REMAINING 30 YEARS ...
Don't worry hindus will be given citizenship and settled in west bengal and muslims will be deported to bangladesh.
They are Bangladeshi immigrants .. coming from Bangladesh doing wrong things in India...Show Indian nationality show your grand father birth in India...They sell drugs ...Even in Delhi Noida ...They created mess...few months ago...They found in terrorist activities in India ...in Bangladesh also....and in mynmar also...They are violent people  Even all Indians can't take Assam state resideny because only Assam people can buy land on Assam...So Assam state have special rights also...
British the root cause of India's poverty and illiteracy should not interfere in India's matters.
Send them to europe, Europeans especially Brits love illegals, they are crying for india deporting their  illegals
This means bokacuda Bengali BBC News
And people Wonder Y is Assam seeks independence of its own, the Indian government clearly is inept and incapable of taking care of its citizens on the further outskirts of its borders
Bangladeshi infiltrators go back from Assam
Sikh girl forcefully converted to islam in pakistan. Saudi wahabi owned BBC channel won't show thishttps://youtu.be/yg7M0aBxka8
It targets Muslims  Bangladesh is a Muslim majority country. There were a lot of illegal Muslim immigrants from that country. It targets illegal immigrants who happen to be Muslims. Them being Muslims is only a coincidence and not the main reason for India to push them out.
BBC arrange british citizens for these bangladeshi who will boost your economy.
Bustard nation
India’s fight against foreigners is too much, and it is necessary for the British government to blame India for suppressing human rights.
A tremendous worry for Hindus! No Muslim until 1965 in Vrindavan mischief.Why There are a number of Muslims Ever went more than 9 thousand was not a mosque! In Vrindavan today 3-3 mosques every morning and evening are sleepless people! Approximately 650 goat Refugee jihadists holy "Vrindavan" on Kbkra Eid on hoop and Eid al-Adha, buffaloes, camels, cows and other animals cut profaned Vrindavan of town! Remember to 2009 there were only 4-5 families count of Muslims in Vrindavan! And today went reached the numbers thousands! It's also a kind of refugee Jihad! The place in which is not Islam, are placed Islam at that place! And you knew would be surprised that 21 boys and girls of a man named "Babuddin" in Vrindavan! Refugee Jihad Islam are cooperating in every way there day doubled overnight Chauguni being born children of pace! The Muslims are taking houses on high prices to stay in Vrindavan! And calling the place Muslims! Kinda have called their relatives intermittently! And to dwell there for them too! These Muslims employment Hindus in Vrindavan are also stripped and that day is not far when you start Meats traded in Vrindavan streets Jaagakhr a considerable number of Muslims in religious city ... Ganga Sagar ( WB) on approximately 24,000 Muslims in 28,000 of the population, about 10,000 Muslims in the present Dwarka 12000 population ... it is even mentioned in Ujjain, legend, here Muslim population approx. 45% ... Varanasi, Allahabad, and others will also Muslim population of 35% to 90% in the religious cities ... it Jimmdar Who ... who ruled on was engineered to increase the population on religious cities Hinduaw of Muslims all to know who is ,,,,,,, Yeti Nrsinhanand Muse him give up all together Hindu and population control laws bring and Conference to be resident at all Hindu pilgrimage sites for Muslims by an act like Gujarat government The Uarn can not be stopped in the country.
FREE ASSANGE
my dear Moody Bhaktu Gandu andhu chamchu our India made by Muslim alsoHAR SE HAR PARESHAANGood for Kashmiri and AssamiChowkidar KA rajj hai sab usko yes sir kahna warna andar kardainga Bhano bhayo
It's seems like india is going to have massive civil war
Indian gov building centers inspired by Nazis Hitler to kill these people
my dear Moody Bhaktu Gandu andhu chamchu our India made by Muslim alsoHAR SE HAR PARESHAANGood for Kashmiri and AssamiChowkidar KA rajj hai sab usko yes sir kahna warna andar kardainga Bhano bhayo
Please let Itgod for Kashmiri and Assamichaukidar of Rzz all her Yes Sir say otherwise within Krdenga sisters Byo
Its fact that mostly of Gujrati’s are communal/racist (like Lal Kirshan Advani, Modi, Amit Shah & many others) they hate other religion like Muslims,  Sikh & Christian people , they always targeted other religion & make policy against them because they have communal background.Other religions should be target (Gujrati products, business man, even peoples of Gujratis) & make them Paralyzed by economically, financially & socially. All world have to take revenge globally with Gujrati racialism otherwise they will more practice in future & kill many of thousand innocent peoples like (Gujrat riots 2002, Kashmir issue, NRC etc.) because now mostly ministry are under control by Gujratis.I have doubt that late Mahatma Ghandi was born as Gujrati because his personality not match with other racist/communal Gujratis.
britain  can take them all now
Evil BJP
Assam, 1951 - 6% muslimAssam, 2011 - 34% muslimSend them back
Cant find no names. Just hang them.
Nazi India
if they are not in citizenship list..they are illegals? if so ..when will they be deported to pakistan?
Illegal immigration is every nations problem. Every country has methods of dealing with it. Stop giving it a religious tinge. BBC again spreading propaganda.
Indian Muslims need to stop being cowards. Learn from Pakistanis, fight for your rights.
Brothers come to Pakistan. These Nazi RSS terrorists will kill you.
They should march to Delhi. Drag modi & deal with him like Gaddafi was
Many Bangladeshi and  Rohingya  terrorists illegally live Assam and Indian govt excludes these people and next inquire all over India
The uk wants to kick out all muslims but never seems to have the guts to make it happen :)
Ok . Take them to your tiny island make your great Islamic state of britainistan.
British bullshit channel.
No place for illegal immigrants in India no more radical Islam.
Well, All Indians are Illegal immigrants in all North East Bengal and Sikkim in a Tribal-State,  Indian are delivery outrunning the Asian Tribal
All illegal migrants go back to there country. Or go to Europe for better future but leave us we almost have very population
Send them to moon
being minority in india is like living in hell , Kashmir punjab dalit assam nagas arunachal
Having 15 members in a family can't be a minority
the democracy is so messed up like look at kashmir then khalistan then nagaland then this assam and so many other places. no one want this democracy and struggling for independence.
I am surprised that the BBC is so biased against India in its coverage of events in the country. The network is steadily destroying its credibility with many people across the world.
10 million have filled in Myanmar, trying to give the 19 million bharataaha! Bangladesh, the poor wife of the future!
India is governed through a fascist government.
Free kashmir free Khalistan word India is a terrorist..
I am from assam. For years these illegal Bangladeshi immigrants would cross the border and indulge in crimes such as robbery, murder and rape. Enough is enough, they come here, they commit crime and cross the border to Bangladesh, some stay here permanently bribing the officials for ration card and voter ID. It's preposterous.!!!The actual number of illegal immigrants should be in the range of 4 million, but alas our corrupt officials now says only 1.9 million are found to be illegal migrants.!
Good thing we kicked Hindus a*s so many years ago and separated ourselves from those idiots
India has become a fascist state
Democracy is proven a failure. 3 jackals & a rooster deciding democratically their supper dish, Definitely dish will be chicken curry. That's the democracy in India.
Don't cry Bbc
This happens in UK when labour voters mysterially disappear of the register
I hate your fake English accent....anchor
Just look at the attitude of repor.   Dont forget u are in hindu nation..so next time keep ur attitude in bbc ass....
No Muslim want to go India, they are just against minorities & they are going to revoke their rights.
BBC you can yell as much you can, but It's not wise to talk about a problem that you have no historical knowledge about. All you see is Hindu and Muslims but you avoid the reality of the situation. What a shame.
Made in Bangladesh
Yes these people are illegal immigrants..no government will just open border and tell people come inside your boundary  as citizens to creat chaos.. india is for indians as citizens.. if they want to be indians there is a process for that as every country does.. educate yourself with facts than pseudo hummanitarians..
Either become Hindu in India or leave India. After all, Only Hindu are allowed to live in India.
Send them to BBC office in london
I think  3 rd world war start from here.
This Modi moron is pouring oil on the fire! He's going to generate terrorism in that peaceful area.
Hindu nationalists now taste your own medicine 1.1 million of them are Hindu
Illegal Bangladeshi immigrants. Also stop spinning this as anti-Muslim. Bangladeshis ARE muslim so it is only natural that their illegal immigrants are muslim too? Pathetic ploy by BBC to turn this into a sectarian issue.
We gonna build a wall.. we gonna build a great wall..and illegal immigrants gonna pay for it.. jk
Send everyone to Britain...
I'm surprised that But hurt Remainers are not on the comment section calling the Indians racists oh I forgot they don't get out of bed till 2pm
We don't want illegal immigrant
BBC at it again-creating Hindu Muslim fights-some things dont change even after 70 yrs
Looks like the line for entry into Europe
At least they'll be able to have a cuppa.
Hello BBC, I have returned for my inheritance!
A TERRIBLE SITUATION.
