Watch the full story here https://bit.ly/2NqiRSo
Quint is biased..they cnt disprove this
No country should give it's citizenship in such an ease ...it's a big slap to real indegegenous people of india
Before you give your empathy to these illegal immigrants..also read history..congress let these Bangladeshi in..they got all documents in ease..voter ID,rashan card..everything..it's all dirtiest game played by govt against indegegenous people of assam
Why nrc conducted????It could have been the great solution..Nrc asks the family tree origin..and real Assamese people were able to submit all the documents..but still many real Assamese people could not gather documents..but still we all assamese can help them out..but we want nrc to be a tool of our liberation from Bangladeshi immigrants.not as am tool of vote bank polarization
Love u and ur ground report hope u will maintain it in future also . We need reporter chanel like quint
What a great promise ache din aayenge bjp should be ashamed of themselves
Well you’re not. End of story.
Enough of Hindu Muslim hatredIndia needs love of Christ
BJP fooling around India
Muslims have no fear. We gave shelter to the Rohingyas in Rakhine etagula. Muslims in Assam would be. There is no problem.
We can exchange our citizens. If India send Muslims to Bangladesh  then we will send all the Hindus to India....
Not a single one know to speak Assamese
Inn Bangladeshi immigrant ko quint office mai citizenship do
Government should put order that no one gets more than 2 child
The Quint:-We can see your narrative loud and clear.Rabble rousing.Why.Is blood letting  your objective for the north east.No papers does not mean the end of the world.That can be sorted out later.By the way when I was in Sri Lanka in the late 60's and early 70's we (The SRI Lankan government) were informed via thialand that the East Pakistanis had slaughtered 10,000 buddist tribals living in the hills and taken over their land.There was nothing that Srimovobandaranak (SL PM) could do.To show her displeasure she delayed her audience to see the newly appointed pakistani high commissioner to Sri Lanka.There was a total blackout of this news then because pakistan was an american ally. (SEATO).Get your journalist to check this out please.
I am from India especially from Kerala we oppose CCA and NRC while I am redings the comments realized that their is no value for human imotions no humanity only hindusm

This is one side story
wahh support bjp over CAA & NRC
They r just Bangladeshis..  Me 4rm Assam here
Fake Crying
The channel's media here will get killed Bangladsi year will Srif Asamij people in Assam and not Sahia Hmlogo Bangladesh
Writers back bongladsh Tumlogo ko ag is jola Dena sahiya Kutte Bengoli grid bongladsi to tumlog
Acting:Overacting:Then comes: 5:39
CAA  benefits all illegal immigrants in every corners of country except Muslim ..bhajpa vote bank where as Muslims are more persecuted in Myanmar it is excluded from the bill..this discrimination is unconstitutional..now it's up to supreme Court whether it will maintain it's supremacy
NPR may be correct solution. The government has said that it is not necessary to present the proof of your parents' birth details. This itself clears majority of the doubt in people's minds. People coming with the proper current documents will be entered into the register.
Assamese people reject CAA. But not NRC. Our problem is not against “illegal Muslim Bangladeshi immigrants” but against “illegal Bangladeshis” as a whole. Hope it helps.
sister pleasr darna nahi.kutha malum nai.thow kutha ak sath khbi nahi reyaha ok.theko duniya badahai? inshanka ummar Chottahaikarss & bjp ka ummar bowth chottahai.cong netha sub neenth ma Haiksc, H, rbi, Armey, CBI, National mediaa sub bik kaya hai.10 beramman rss ka thabther ma baitker indiakka khanoon ku thodrah hai.aajka halath ma indian studentroad ka upper aayaha sub sai Oyahakmodi & amith saha ka kattiya kadha o jayha.
BJP Kerry targeting Muslim Chaim Modi cell .. Now Rekvest Muslim Logo Hi this law court is Bhol Jawoo micro Karki penetrable
Sala chup
Modi thee years damn the entire world
In the adverse circumstances prevailing in the country, what is urgently required is the importance of the document. And, it is birthday Certificate. If you have , it is o.k. Otherwise, you are out. All other documents such  as your I'd, Aadhar Card or Passport are not going to help you. This may give rise to uncertain times. Therefore, it may not spread corruption. So, you should be prepared to see if  the production of birth certificate can be had only on premium in the Country because the majority of the rural masses do not have the birth certificates. Now you try to find out as to what is the estimate number of masses who do not have the birthday certificates? Probably, it may be over 40-50% of rural masses. It will give rise to  fake production, bribe & foreign detention Camp.
Nrc must stop with Assam, all over India not acceptable .
https://youtu.be/2XhmDM-S_Fs
We want Assam to be free from illigal immigrants but we don't want NRC. Rather than naming the process  a govt failure, people must protesting for people who have legal documents nd still are left out.
And and and
Chi BJp chi you are the real criminals against religion
If you lost the case in high court & supreme court then you are definitely not indian.....Quint is absolutely corrupt.
Culture is preserved by its own people not others. How does it matter some needy join. This was single nation 80yrs ago. Migration is part of life. Why to demark,  when  there is nothing we take on our death.
After the cell to documents also worried are you doing all
So Hindus in the Gulf if there is hell Lago Krdija Modi's ass Ftjayegi
From Assam here. Yes, we understand we need to do something for this problem. But giving them citizenship(CAA) is NOT the BEST situation. We need to solve the Immigration crisis(NRC). Plus we need to find a way to put (the foreigners who came here, n got atuck) them out of misery.To all my Assamese people, yes we need NRC. But this* NRC's (BJP's version of NRC) process is fucked up. It is excluding our own people. We dont have to completly abandon this process, just have to make changes to it to a much more clear and updated process.
If nobody came from Bangladesh How the RatiO disbalanced ??And If they came they should leave.. that's it.
The bangla accent they r speaking Is Bangladeshi I am from Bengal I can say that..
The video bay to see mercy two reached a far Modi has recently made its Indian people become alien in his own country because of nurse
Who are from here from asam detention center..Well I can help them..Exactly I need their contact numbers.
In spite having documents people not getting their name in NRC then  it is beyond understanding. In spite of having land documents of 60 to 59 a man name is not in the list. It is strange. It means there is conspiracy. They want to expell muslims from country. They want to destroy poor financially. It is dangerous for the country. Beware ghazwa is near.
This is what happen if one religion try to take over Who the hell told u to vote for BJP At least we din have religious  .
And modi is saying "everything Cnga C."
I know that NRC, till a certain extent is Indian Government's propoganda to expel people of a particular community out of this country but the arguments that BJP leaders are giving in favour of NRC are quite plausible If not now, then eventually expelling illegal immigrants will become need of the hour at some point in future Jai Hind
Modi amithshah ..............................
Jigsaw mercy some damn Bhulgy individuals who Insane Yet
Meaning of CAA, 2019 act: asindhu sindhuparyanta yasya bharatabhumika pitrbhu: punyabhuscaiva current medical hinduriti memory.
U dogs
the Gentleman who served for indian air force for past 35 years. a man who risk their life for our future and present.is now declared as foreigner.. now its time to raise our voice Shame on you Indian government
Bullam Nursi taking bjpa bake bake burn to a blank gharibo the band kuto
The poor will Millera what to irritate people ... Allah all Muslims to defend Frmaa
Stay together whether  Hindu or Muslim stay together no one can harm u
Y Indian's are struggling
Now the whole nation will face this
You have 57 muslim  countries go pakistan go Bangladesh go Afghanistan.
Y creating a sense of chaoJust go back to Bangladesh We the indigenous people of N.E wants to live in peace
How conveniently everyone of them has papers from 1940s. The good old counterfeit Stamp paper of India.
You are a human no need to be Indian.....the land occupied by you is yours...no need to go anywhere!!!Is that OK....
Where ever MUSLIMS in any place ,that place is  in war positions. Ex: earn,erak palathenam,Arabia,seriya ,more & more.
MUSLIMS  must go to Pakistan only. Number of MUSLIM countries in world. But only one hindu COUNTRY for HINDUS.
Many MUSLIMS came to INDIA from MUSLIMS countries. Why MUSLIMS  RULED countries are dangerous positions. Where ever
That's all right
Should Propgnda channel ... propaganda nor running properly
Macher Jhol...Tell The Illegal Kaat Mullahs NRC Bill Is Passed
Go back bangladesiesIndia is for Indians
Go pakistan bangladesh and other nation make documentary.
If not out one day study jihadi Suver Sri Lanka or Myanmar I cry pickup of your Islam Kryge
Targeting muslim..it will not work..
Hindu-Muslim Stop Move it glasses on your eyes and try to see that it would become such a big problem
Agar tum logo ne Bangladesh le liya that to Bai India mey Kya kar rahe ho 57muslim conutries hey bahan par chale jao jeh sab Congress ka Kia karaea hey 400 ruppes mey adhar card ban jatta hey Bangladeshio ka
Our country is only for our Indian Muslim brother and sisters not for beggerdeshies and porkistanies
Modi . Good job.
They are not indians
Send indian muslims to Bangladesh Pakistan Afghanistan and Give our hindus Who are struggling To live in This 3 islamic Terrorist countries Kissa Khatam
These muslims want to  infiltrate to other countries and change its demographics and finally take over country to apply their bloody islamic laws.The people doing such a drama in front of the camera should submit proper documents to govt rather than this crap islamic channel.All are equal before the law.
Win Eye Assam
with what faces these Indians go to foreign westerns countries and take up their nationalities ?          they sneak there for education then find job and then stay there forever enjoying their economy     oh yeah merrying is the shortest path to foreign nationality    millions of Indians are in foreign countries           shame on these Indians      this is the real face of Hindu India         my feelings for people not getting in NRC
A biased video to support the Bangladeshis.
This is why Indian was ruled by foreigners for thousands of years
Thank you so much News Live
Bangladeshi go back go back go back
If your wife did not make nrc then she is also Bangladesh. I rape = 15 Bengali’s speaking people especially moslem
Randi ko aulat . This is bodo land . We will kill banglashi if you people try to rape our women
Change your religion to Hindu...We gave you 2 country to go to...Why come back...fuck now suffer
Boycott NRC
No Muslims plz
No more Muslims plz in our country
We ain't taking no one in bangladesh. Where our fathers fought for the liberty of the country these bitches ran away. Do whatever you want to do with them.
It is scripted , see laughing 9:10
Foolish channel
And .. the hell The fact of living does not show why she .. # Quint ..
Bangladesh Bangladeshi mean evil .. .. .. Elam ekahama would be pushing it to be a Hindu
asamese go back to china
Mullah shove Assam Save
This only the way to make problem for indian people,this government is called the genocide
It's only assamese people that suffers.. We can tell easily by seeing these people who r Bangladeshis and who r not.. You can't be biased towards Bangladeshiss if you want them take in your own state don't throw the dumps on Assam and we are not dustbin.. Jai aai axom
0:28 gauri making fun of him..
If any other country shall also urge that the Tmlogo large a kill Muslim same level Biskwah re Hoiga
Ohoo..... If illigal Muslim immigrant go back how will Congress win..... If Congress does not win how will quint get a bigger cheque. Want to play emotional card.
Quint go back to pakistan
They are manupulating people by implementing NRC.
Islamic Republic of Assam will be a free country on map in coming days.
Khatoons are Bangladeshi remember that
C thiya have yehi day?
Quint is one of the social media that shows only genuine news. Excellent work. Keep it up.
After Assam time for Bengal NRC has come.
Indigenous people from Tripura are already suffering from bengali refugees....y u cnt show that!!... Assam sud b more strict on bangladeshis...i don't have any sympathy on them
Go back Bangladeshi.....
Hey quint shut the fuck and don't say one sided stories we the people of Assam were affected by the illegal immigrant...
Nrc is targeting muslims.though they have proper documents bjp don't want them.
See the situation in Tripura Local majority people destroyed by Bengali Bangladeshi people i am not saying indian bengali even our tribe origin from Bangladesh but we are here(India) since 1931 our ancestors were indian and we are india NRC should apply in Tripura alsoAll those Bangladeshi should be punished even our tribe alsoSupport NRC Jai Bharat
Give them their Citizenship
Yeh nrc ke chockor main bohot saare original indian bhi saabit nahie kar payenge court main kiyon ki main ek original indian hu karon bohot aise log bhi hai ki unhein pata bhi nahie hai ki citizenship kiya hai aur is main bohot saare document bhi lagenge jo kafi bhartiyo logo ke paas bhi pariapto ducoments nahie hai kiyon ki 71 se pehele ki jo ducoment hai jaise ki voter list bohot sare aise bhi log hai 71 main vote daale hi nahie magar hai woh indian jameen ki kagjaat maang rahein hai 71 ke aise log bhi hai jo saari zindagi pahari zameen par gujar diye jiska koi registration nahie hota hai kiyon ki woh zameen sarkari hote hain aise log kaha se court main 71 se pehele ka ducoments denge aur aise log bhi bhartiyon hote huye bhi bideshi ke lopet main aa jayenge iske liye agar bhartiyon ko hi bideshi bana dete hain to aise log kiya karenge.
India out of Assam let there be Peace, You are responsible for creating Bangladesh, why do you have a problem with these people.UN MUST Partition India so minorities have Rights
UN HEAR THE PEOPLE OF ASSAM FREE THEM FROM INDIA, UN must act, These people need a homeland, get india out of Assam.
Shut it man, go back to your own country and land, taking and eating our land like termites.Worried so much for illegal immigrants, this kind of video are responsible for communal riots.
Assam is for assamese communities. People belonging from assamese communities will never accept illegal immigrants and other immigrants who tries to subordinate the indigenous people.
Being an Indian I am ashamed for this situation . But Quint people must asked those people who facilitate them to include their names in voter list . Those people would be called goon not leader . Excessive population is one of the barriers for Indian economy . But we had have to tolerate them for better future .
He did so and the Nazi halakeusta Bengal

Nice drama of that pink hijab....
Nice drama to hide the real necessity of NRC
Do such people off due to dead salting ha hell shoot at a time, do not set the life of man people play that die do not give it hurts two
Do JBIG Modi
Congress India & Modi-BJP-RSS India looks very different.. don't know what will be next,let God decide, just watch & wait......
Yes you all are Indian. Government will understand your problem don't take tension.
Not only in assam in west bengal bangladeshi people illegally entering till now.and the netas of rulling party of our state provide them all facilities adhaar , voter id card , ration card , pan card for vote bank.
Tripura and asam to people no back Bangladesh Tripura asam the Indian people
MOMMOTA IS ANGRY SHE IS RIGHT INDIA HAS LOT OF PROBLEM OK , WORLD MEDIA IS MAKING RIGHT CHOICE ALL STANDING AGAINST INDIAN CURRENT GOVT MOVE S AGAINST INDIAN MUSLIMS IN ASSAM WHY THEY COULD NOT LIST RIGHT INDIANS THEY HAVE TO PAY FOR THESE ODD CONSEQUENCES OF INDIAN STUPID FANATIC HINDU GOVTERNMENTS
Only Bora Assamese in Assam, Garo, rabha, Kirby Only
Welcome to aryavarth!
India Misa two with Mittyka
Hindustan  Hinduism. Time come. All are Indians.
Am I  Indian or not? Can't be tolerated.
Good, Sala India Dharamsala Thodina
Yes,a particular community is being targeted
Modi said the world number cutiya person ...
New way to target Muslims are they now
Thanks
kick out all the bangladeshis from northeast make it a clean rregion free of refugees
it’s very shocking!!!
Was Hey testing Muslims tolerance that we have the next nine still voice not raised. Our schools ... Shame on Indian Muslims .... Rez Voice ..
The quint is a disgrace. Illegal immigrants must be thrown out. PERIOD!
BJP national Vikash Chode has been turned upside down work
No Marcy no emotional because bangladeshi crime here in india we had being looking for long days doing crime here in India....and please send those sucker business occupied by bangladeshi must be more strict we them.
Indian Hindu easily got citizenship of Muslim countries...but they have no capacity in their eyes to see Indian Muslims in India... even
There are two groups of people I hate from the core. 1) Those who enter illegally or stay illegally. 2) Those who call someone Bangladeshi despite of that person presenting adequate and legal proof of being an Indian.
Which was answered with India from Bangladesh held no greater passion had Grdari Pakistan no longer the result of the Bugto
Like Imran Khan said, India is a nazi racist state. India should only be for Hindus that's what they want. Well, then no Hindu should be allowed in western countries as well.
Quint media are you going to convince that there's no illegal immigration from Bangladesh...always posting one side of the coin...there might be some loopholes in the NRC verification process...so what's your suggestion to improve the process
Selective reporting ...you need to understand that this is the age of social media if you can pretend to talk to the locals , the common people can also contact the locals on social media ...and find the actual truth for themselves
U are true human
if you ask to this reporter he will say India has no Bangladeshis living in india.
Stop the propaganda. Stay away from Assam #Quitiya
No particular community is targeted
We need NRC
I thought assamese are smart but they're way more than smart in killing,Branding and what not?
Every Shitty smelly Bengali's should be thrown of out of India whether it is Indian Bengali or not. They dont bath and shit in public roads , cancerous Bengali's.
True i hate these  bengali's in India. They are also ruining Kerala because of these migrant benaglis fromindia ,  Modiji should remove bengal from india , what a shiitty people. Jai Hind fuck bengalis
Dear Modiji please remove the every Bengalis from india please
That's what I expected a Muslim family to prove your paid agent khangressi...
No NRC
There are lots of Hindu alsk who doesn't  get the Name in NRC So why You all people called  that it is targeted  to only one religion ..........
Along with Bangladeshis kick out ahom bastards
This is all against Muslims.
36k Muslim families declare that don't have NRC
If we think in one way then it is true the generation of this illegal is 4th generation. Their parents and children are born in Assam and other parts of India. They should have been sent back at 1971 or during Bangladesh Liberation war. Indira Gandhi brought refugees during war but didn't send them back. It's fault of Congress. Now where will they go. Bangladesh will not accept them. India should take strong action now to avoid immigrants from Bangladesh. I am from Assam and being Bengali I think we should not fight for languages because Assamese and Bengali are similar in culture tradition and language accent. Both are same in script and accent.
You the fuck if you dont know the burning problem of assam don't come here and show this shits stay here for a month and would know the illigel bangladeshi it not something that you come from delhi and show something in a day and leave
INDIA AND SRI LANKA NO NEEDS MUSLIMS.
Why they didn't show the entire pictures !!!??
Good work Quint. Please continue exposing these Biased state machinery. Bengalis should leave the Hindu-Muslim divide if they want to live on in Assam. The Assamese boldly say they are Assamese first and then Hindu or Muslim. But Bengalis are busy getting their Ass kicked by calling themselves Bengali Hindus and Na-Axomiya Muslims. Unite now, or everything will go to the hands of the Gamusa invaders and Hindi wala Government.
Don't worry they will sharefeeling ashame they also our brothers,sisters , mother's ,father's,our children's but one thing if we r not taking any step for this sure our future will in dangerous condition but we r there to help you all that is none other than THAMILANSyoung stars of the our country comming soon... as a GANDHIJI,NETHAJI,NERHU,soon....JAIHINDH...
Professional victim for camera.Assam has history of bloody violence against minorities. If 40% Muslim population is any indicator, the claim is patently false.
Chal be Mulla appeasing Bongla commie. Back to Bangladesh you too. It's East Bengalis who were 90% CPM voters.
All Bangladeshi benguli go back bangladeshi
Thanks a lot, u have made clear picture of NRC process.. I m also a victim of so called NRC updates, despite I m a service man of Assam govt. Having all documents of 1951.1966 1971. My father had the university certificate of 1963. I have the Indian passport.  But alas to say my name has not come in the draft... I think the officials some where in under pressure to do so... And some are under dictation of extreme comunalism...
Assam leave must Bangladesh
Only Bangladeshi musli population day by day increase in assam coz they fuck each other like sister fuck by brother ,mother fuck by son,all muslim women fuck by mollana..
First time in India we are doing something to detect illegal aliens. Instead of criticizing you reporters should be encouraging instead of trying to divide people/.
Alpha 100, I am not going to stoop myself to your level and respond. You were not raised well by your parents and you didn’t learn much in school either.  I do not understand your Bengali but I do know that your Bengali vocabulary is equally as bad. I am voicing my opinion on the illegal immigrant problems in Assam and in the North east. , not just Bengalese:  What  a moron!
why particular community divided india because of religion? we lost so maney our peoples that time,now the life in india is good so that particular community now wants india................
It’s a fact that illegals have been. Coming to Assam. They don’t go away. They have no respect for Assamese Langusge and culture.
Iam Indian
Okay the guy at 8:00 is speaking in "Bangal", Bangladeshi accent of Bengali. That is not Axomiya, which is the Assamese language. I've got Assamese relatives who said they've made it to the NRC list easily. I live in West Bengal and I'm myself a Bangal, Bangladeshi Bengali. But my grandparents came to this side of Bengal in 1947 after freedom and partition of India. Illegal immigrants have no place in India. Bengali Muslims voted for Pakistan that time. Most happily went and claimed it to be East Pakistan. Killed Hindus living their. Now they want to come back again into the country? Cannot have it both ways. So they should not be allowed into the country again illegally. Quint can fcuk off with their foreign funded agenda.
Kitna maja ata hai mast ghar mai baith kar comment karna ..lakin jis pe yeh gujar raha hai unka kya ho raha hai..insaniyat khatam ho gaya..Ya Allah yeh duniya ko hi khatam kar do fir karte raho nrc NRC
Which is not the country he then put out Jayeawr Quint members by country Rkewampnthi Dlle sales in its home Cvent
Go back bangladeshi...die..
Boycott Bangladeshi they r criminal
This is how these presstitutes sponser jihad in india. So these bengali speaking ppl r not bangladeshi but Assamese speaking r. Tatti content
5:13. Lol. Why is he so afraid to name that community?
Foreigners leave India .
quint is sold out to bangladesh
Throw them away
Year Muslims
Bengali or bobut maruga
Firstly NRC should be applied in 1980 y the govt is failed to apply it.NRC is not done in religion basis and those who are refugee's during 1971 we have helped them by giving them shelter and millitary  help and when the war ended at that point of time they must have to go back to their country what are they doing here.
Muslim Arabs county accept inclusive citizenship issue
Go back bangladesh
Why all the people ( BOTH INDIAN AND BANGLADESHI ) are targeting our Assamese rich heritage and culture .
Quint this is just the hate of nrc and if you are from assam or know it's history then you will know only why our Assamese people are in danger , why don't you show what happened in Tripura , everyone who knows this will understand me but people who doesn't know much please help us in this fight of survival
Remove Bangladesh
Go back you Bangladeshis
Please give Assam to Bangladesh and let it get merged at-least then there will be secularism. Today Bangladeshi laugh at Indians because they say we are powerless people who allow them to sneak in and say Bangladeshis are Indians. Assam has more than 4 million Bangladeshi Muslims and its fact evident from census.
Mofo Govt India to make Pakistan
Get out from India no mercy.this is hindu rastra  get out
There is a huge number of Rabha, garo, kuch rajbansi and other tribal from bangladesh. But, they are getting direct pass. They didn't required  doc.  There are khasi autonomous council in sylet, bangladesh, but they are safe, they didn't need any document, although there are few tribal are in detention camp.  Actually, Assamese are chauvinist, they hate Bengali language, they hate Bihari and Nepali. They spreading hatred, they created big lobby in all section of administration and even in judiciary. Issue is not new, it was started when british added three district of Bengal province (Shylet, cachar & Goalpara) with five district of assam to create assam province in 1877. Due to that amalgamation, bengali speaking people increased substantially in assam.  Also, british brought large number bengali hindu for administrative work as assamese were mostly uneducated at that period.  British annexed assam in 1826 after liberating  assamese/ahom from Burmese  control. During Burmese period,  burmese army killed assamese people like anything, and population of assam  reduced  substantially, to create revenue british brought bengali muslim from Moimonsingh district of east bengal for cultivation. So, there were some historical fact for the increase of bengali speaking people in assam.  During partition, assamese lobby succeeded to handover bengali dominated district shylet to muslim league and succeeded to  reduce the dominance of bengali.  As per 2016 voter list, around 31% of voter are caste Hindu assamese, 28% are muslim, 10% are bengali Hindu, 10% tribal, 12 % are tea tribe, 3% are Nepali and others. Intention is clear, they want to reduce bengali speaking people in assam by hook and crook, whether Hindu or Muslim. Assamese didn't hv document and they are getting wild card entry, whereas indigenous bengali of Barak Valley need multiple doc. And verification officer are biased and they are like examiner of UPSC IAS exam.  So, I request people from rest of india to study history of assam and don't believe the false propaganda. They not only hate bengali, they also hate bihari/ Marwari and other indians.  They are basically anti-nationals, terrorist etc.
Didnt quint provide us with the evidence that Kulbushun was a Indian spy according to former Intelligence Chiefs? Stupid dalit news agency?
Get bangladeshis out
Right
They are Bangladeshi,,, bcoz they dont speak Assamese.
Time to unsubscribe quint
hindu majority vs muslims in india
Very sad what happens in India this is ridiculous
report this channel all Assamese and Indian this is propaganda
7:30 , again !! Your language your accent your dresses even say you don't belong to this place. How could you be a citizen of Assam.
6:31 fake documents,,
4:39 might be some mistakes,,
0:28 what was that
The Comments are  a mess. Assam is trash. Dont come into Delhi then and accept racism since you ask for it.
Media taking up sides is not fair...
Nice
They can't even speak in assamese...and says that they are assamese...bloody bangladeshis..klah.
India is a Hindu Country and have no rights for Muslims.
Jay Jay bjpa and AGP.
All Assam muslims are bangladeshi and have to be quit from Assam ( India ).
Thanks Brother...
These people can’t even speak assamese, the bangladeshi muslims should be treated like the Rohingya’s
these channel is always anti Hindu . I am from Assam karimganj we leave in fear the se Bangladeshi are not humans specially u know they interrupt in our festivals. During the time of independence they killed million of Hindus including my community leaving there . our community language people have only in thousands . Why these Bangladeshi coming to our country and conquer our land? Government should take right step to stop these immigrants.
your channel shows the problems faced due to nrc by non-assamese what about problems that are assamese facing by those bangladeshi hindus and muslim....you don't have guts to come to an assamese village or to upper assam as they will show reality of the epidemic named as bangladeshi
Brothers helpful to fear. Modi are with us
Fck yourself. Assam is not your fcking property. Its Assamese who will make decisions for its kingdom, Indian politicians and news channels, think before you spew nonsense
Mass report these evil video...and keep disliking this video guys
It is dirt Assam .....
India,s is secular country.neither bengali hindu nor bengali muslim kick them from india,s
Fuck u
I am an assamese i know bangladeshi problem.quint you spread wrong message
Everyone is shouting about the exclusion of Indians from NRC but no one is speaking about the inclusion of Bangladeshis in the NRC. This shows how biased you are.
Make vedio about the indigenous people how they are suffering from east pakistan(bangladesh). We indian are still under the neighbouring country how we could developed.
Did northeastern India invite Bangladeshi to northeast India..  Quint u should think 100 Times before creating video
2 million application is still pending
NRC SHOULD BE APPLY IN ALL INDIA
They are clearly bangladeshis
Madarchod "THE QUINT" tumara channel.Randi bangladeshis should go.back to.there country
Through them to Bangladesh   is not a nation for refugees
Quint is funded by jihadi arabs.once there are enough Muslims to overthrow , then we shall see beheadings in India under sharia Islamic terrorists laws.
It's my tat paraile ehise barapeta ahiba Heth
Ooh come on quint i know that you are anti BJP even i dont support BJP but what they are doing is fine let them chased the whole bangladeshi out of India .
VERY SAD. FUCK THIS GOVT. #ABKIBARMODIBAHAR
Bhai chup reh .. Sab natak he .. Mere bhi relatives ka naam nhi aaya he but if ur truely not bangladeshi then darne ka koi baat hi nhi he .. So yesab chutiyapa na hi dikhao toh hi better hoga .. Aab toh har bangladeshi bolega ki hum Indian hi he .. Toh kya iska matlab koi illegal immigrant nhi he ??? Hume NRC office me bar bar jaake document dikhane me chahe kitna bhi taklif ho, sab manjur he but bangladeshi sabko desh se nikalna zaruri he.
Assam for only assames
Well narrated...
You have no clue about the actual issue. Kindly do some in-depth research before presenting a news.  It seems people who are not from Assam have suddenly become super experts in NRC issue these days.  No one is bothered what the indegenous people have to say.  You are biased..  very unfortunate.
We not support bangladesi Hindu or Muslim......banladesi people always banladesi
Well isn't he rooting for another Tripura.
We assamese people are only against Bangladeshis regardless of religion, caste ,Creed etc.......
We north eastern are also indian  we northeast is a land with little population if you foreigners or mainland indian tried to migrate to us our right will be descriminted and we will be extinct so  NRC should be supported by everyone this is a protection law for the northeasterner population
Bangladeshi ... .. How many times do not have it Cuneo
Muslims minority in Assam ?? Lol what a joke Another biased video from quint Plz let us know this time u r funded my Cong or trinomul CongWe dont need any biased report We stay in Assam and we know the problems going around Assam cz of illegal Bangladeshis
This video is shown as only muslims are targeted in assam..even though  so many names of bodos and assamese peoples are not in nrc list...just report him for harmfull and dangerous act...
my name is on NRC :D
This is really sad for the people who is suffering being an Indian, rest of course being from Assam I want all Bangladeshi to be removed, and I guess it's not only North East India, I have seen Bangladeshi in cities like Delhi, Bangalore. But i don't support people harrase Indian citizens like the person on the video who was in Air Force and his name is not in NRC because of his cast, this is such shame.
You are misguiding quint.  NRC is just one phase of process the one who are really citizen don't need to be panic.
It was failure of Congress didn't do the right thing at right time now the 2 or 3 generation of illegal immigrants have been past and they born here but it doesn't make them strong enough to claim for citizenship they have to be deported.
India is for Indians. We will not consume extra stuff in our motherland irregardless of religion. Who want to show pseudo humanity take them their own country or their own land. Jay hind.
Miya bilakor natok saa kela ...
Get the hell out boy, you know nothing
Deport bangladeshi be it muslim or hindu
My one last question.maximum only Muslim people names are not in the draft.why??

kick out all the bloody blangadesi
Immigrants should be thrown,There is no place for Bangladeshi if he is Muslim or Hindu or christians.If someone is legal citizenship and didn't make it to the draft nrc.His details should be investigated unbiasedly.#IamwithNRC and don't harass anyone who is not listed in NRC.
Quint need to add in Nrc who are challenging indian integrity, supporting anti India project   "mughalisthan".
Fuck u quint fake story Bangladeshi supporter unfollowed just now get the fuck out of here guys please unfollow this channel who has been subscribed show these anti Indian channel that if we Indian want u will no where live even can’t I’n YouTube
If bangladeshi are not removed a new kashmir will b formed in northeast....
Assam and tripura state of northeast is popullated by outsiders... U cn see only 1 indeginous people out of 10 people in assam and tripura... I saw a wtsapp video where a muslim men was beating an indeginous woman of tripura publicly.... This is the current scenario  in northeast... Go and make video on kashmir about kashmiri pandit u wont b returing from kashmir... Kuch toh ata pata nahi chal padha paisa kamane camera uta k...
There are many Bangladeshi in new Delhi too Nd why the fuck we need Bangladeshi in India go ur home
Bangladesh and west Bengal are given to bengalis. Some part of Assam and Tripura are given to Bangladesh, i.e sylet, kumilla, Chittagong, Noakhali by Indian Govt. Now You are Overcrowding Northeast. Making fake certificates.Dont cry dear, Ask yourself, whether you have crossed the Indian border illigel way or not.
Hell Jindabad Bungle Down
Yesterday More than indigenous 10 person were attack by Bengali Bangladeshi people's...Some are in Hospital..Even our Indigenous leaders were attack There car are destroyed more than 3 car..Our Indigenous ipft main leaders were  almost killed by Bangladeshi Bengali people's thanks to God he's safe..Were scared of Bangladeshi but we Indigenous people's of Tripura will fight until we get justice..I know India government or parliament doesn't care about Indiginous people's of Tripura because they want to help Hindu Bangladeshi..By giving them free residential in Tripura..Don't India government think we Indigenous are Part of India..
Quint biased For political correctness.
Graveyard for bangali
Right ur brother u exposed truth
not muslim but for bengali
Nrc is dangerous for Bengali hindu
REPORT QUINT
Particular community... It happened with my aunt too her son's name are in the NRC along with her husband but hers is missing. Quint don't do baised reporting that a particular community is being targeted
Why should Indians give their basic rights to Bangladeshis? Let's do this.. give free pass to all British in India. Let them live illegally in India, use all the resources and facilities, give them basic Indian rights, let them vote. Will you accept this ?Very much biased and immature report by Quint. Final list is not out. Why are you jumping into conclusion? Those who are Indians & their names didn't appear in the list they still have chance. And what do you want? If you're very generous & have lots of money then you can look after Bangladesh. It's your choice. Nobody is objecting.
Katie Kelly Bangladeshi ru hehotr supported
Your name came on NRC na?
Sympathizing with Bangladeshis is well and good but I hope that these sympathizers can give these illegal immigrants a place in their own homes and in their states. Assam Is Not a DUMPING ground. Indigenous people of Assam are loosing their identity due to these Bengali speaking Bangladeshi's, people like Mamta bannerjee can take them to her own state. I would like to add that not all 40 lakh of them are bangladeshi's but I assure you the number ain't less than atleast 20 lakh.Joi Aai Axom
Bangladeshi jo hea jana hoga!!.. we people had been detected many loss . .. NRC is good for assam ..but rest of india should help assam for there legesi data . Bangladesh people should return back.. but NRC should go in good management.. every person should get there Rights..
How can ppl living in New Delhi .. will realize the problem in Assam ! With Bangladesh near us....lots of immigrants enter everyday ... ! Imagine the US Mexico situation ! NEED TO BUILD A WALL
Another fuckin biased news!
Im from Assam and I don't live there anymore. By looking at the comments there is a reason Assam is called uneducated. People are fighting with themselves and addhar card wasn't issued for a long time. I faced problem while getting admission. Whole government is busy in finding immigrants. They can't stop intruders but scream on them later. And assam has a long history of fighting among themselves. I'm sure I will never settle there again. Keep fighting.
you don't know the situation of assam.. after 5 five years we will be minority in our own land...no one care about indigenous people of assam...only 30% local indigenous people are left....all the fucking media like U r supporting Bangladeshi...everywhere in assam all the fucking bangladeshisis are there...even in the national park kaziranga...
8:38 olololololololollolloololool she just dont give a fuck...
Problems of Kashmiri hindus unheard , bengali hindus ignored. Murders of Rss workers is kerala unspoken. But always care for rohingya and bangladeshi. Double standard of Quint . Shame on you guys . If the centre is working against a particular community isn't a section of media caring only for that community while the majority suffers . Name one of your islamic countries that offer rights to minorities. The problem is people in Quint and Wire sold their soul to foreign fund. These idiots question others for being Godi media whereas they are chaddi media working for cause against the nation.
Report spam everyone, this is misleading, let us shut down these dickheads.
Quint are u an Indian News channel or a Bangladesi??
If this illegal influx continues, civil war is inevitable......mark my words....today Northeast, tomorrow whole of India!
If you're an illegal immigrants then you get the fuck out of our country and to those if you don't like India get out.
Chi. Bangladeshi language. Bungalow shall Cobo Njane. Gedha Mia
First learn to speak Assamese. Bloody bangladeshi
Another propaganda to kill and suppress the voice of indigenous Assamese Communities.Joi aai oxom. Aibur nosolibo.Bangladeshi go back.
Bangladeshi go back. Assam for Assamese.
i am assam
Put them in Bangladesh again .  Terrorist activities
Quint is a cock-sucking agency of Congress.Shameless Abrahamic pricks....!!
Dear Quint,close the borders of Assam with Bangladesh.
Bitch, for the sake of humanity, also make a documentary on how much of tribal blocks and belts inhabited by the indigenous tribal people in Assam have been illegally encroached by outsiders. Okay you won't cuz you don't  have  the balls or the votes of indigenous tribal don't count cuz the population of mullahs is 10 times more than tribal population in Assam.
Didn't realize I was holding my breath until saw that air force man to be an Indian. M totally against this illigal immigration but I really have high respect for people who fight for the national security of our country.
I am BengaliI am saying send them west bengal, assam for assameseotherwise Burmese like tension Will happen
congress time is near end
If all aspects of sbadekhi bidekhi Kayla .. There is noise? It will be a mistake to focus a little bit .. Cancer court takes karaiba.
If u dnt know the whole scenario The Quint... Thn dnt put video jst for views... Unscubcribed...
Are not living human being ... went on to say that Dunia.
Nice coverage...but at 7:14 1800 Bengali speaking Muslims
Dude ...what the %*&k, 7:42, right now his immediate concern is not of massacre but of noc..do u want to incite things in such a sensitive issue...I've never expected this from the auint...dont u guyz have team that checks the video before posting in youtube...
Friends dis is Quint be ware ..they even can give a legitimate certificate to a outsiders Bangladeshi Mulla's
Saala. Gutei kita Bangladeshi hoi. Fuck offf Quint. Would request everybody to unsubscribe to this channel please... Shame on you. Supporting Bangladeshi's. Why don't u make a video on how they have dominated in Tripura with their population and the plight of their indigenous people?? NOT A SINGLE TRIPURI HAS GOT TEACHER JOB IN THE PAST 10 YRS. SUCH IS THE SITUATION THERE. Who is inhuman? Them or us...
In the beginning of the video you are saying Assams population is double than expected. Then why are you trying to prove this wrong with doubtful evidence ??
I leave in west bengal...this quint is projecting wrong ...thera are many illegal immigrants they dont knw hindi neither do they speak like bengalis here ...there language is somewhat different ...even bengalis call then bangladeshi.
Hey quint it's non of your business.... stupid media like u overhyped things like minority are in danger....but nothing like that is going to happen final nrc is yet to be published and only illegal migrants specially this Bangladeshi will be throw out....why u guys are so interested in spreading rumors
Assam own culture is in danger bcoz of this illegal immigrant!!!
Now they r realizing that they r Indian...no matter depot them...any where no matter...
If u r from one of them even u should to depot!!
Okay this channel is shit.
Quint is biased to its core
Only One Question if u. Received much money from Congress create these videos?
Ok enough...this is real shit
Minorities??? Who r d minorities...bangladesh or indigenous Assam people. Refugee population is increasing.
in lower Assam bangladeshi capture our tribal land n assamese house and their properties bangladeshi go their own country no need live a life coward in other state
If we the people of North East accepts the NRC who are you to point out a problem , it is us who are suffering from over population and lots of issues such as communal Riots
OK.. I un subscribed your channel
Do some research before making any bullshit video about such a sensitive topic as this.
Tell them to speak Assamese properly in Assam if they r Assamese ..or else tell them to go to Bangladesh ...
A completely biased news report.Quint a leftist and congress ideology news.Only showing one side of story.
Tears can mislead. Do not let tears  mislead u.
Kick them out... They are not from my homeland, they are taking my rights being an foreigner
They are Bangladeshi
So according to quint there are no illegal immigrants in Assam
Ye sare milke hmko madarchod bana rhe Bik gyi h ye quint.. just introduce new citizens to the holy land of India and make them ur own vote bank for decades good game play u motherfuckers
It is true.. bangladeshi totally means bengalis both hindus and muslims....
NRC NRC NRC krte rho ...
Hey Quint, what the hell are you trying to prove? Do you know that till now Assam is just making a list of illegal immigrants with the help of NRC? But Arunachal Pradesh Police and even Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union has already started to kick out those immigrants. Here is the link, see this video "https://youtu.be/rs-2UVyXHwE", if you get language problem then then tell those bangladeshi immigrant friends of yours to translate it for you. I think they have learnt little bit of Assamese here which is enough for translating this video. Actually Arunachal Pradesh is doing a very great job. Prevention is better than cure you know. They know it very well what would happen if they let them live there. Government of Assam should learn from them. And you know why we people are so serious about kicking out those bangladeshis? Because only we know what our great ancestors went through to defend our language, culture and land from those outsiders. We don't want to bear that pain again. We love our culture as you and everyone else love their own culture. You would do the same if your people were in our place. So please stop spreading these shits. First read the history of Assam and then you will know what our people went through. We love Our Assam and we would do anything to defend it. JOI AAI OXOM.
This is a huge propaganda by the leftist media. NRC is essential in every state of India. I am a Bengali myself but I don't support these illegal migrants except those persecuted refugees due to their religion in our neighbouring countries.
I am an assamese and please don't believe anything this channel says it a comedy channel
Quint stop manipulating about  minority and religion
Do u know wht language they r speaking? They r not speaking bengali u a*sh*le..
Ooh fuck... Wht is this? U r just a stupid one.. Seriously... U just do some homework n then go n report such a serious issue u reporter...
Foolish Sala was Quint
North Indian people stay out of this ..this is not your business ...
you are supporting only Bangali speakers... fuck you quint... i m frm assam and I know the real situation of Bangladesh's in assam...
Do yourself a favour, unsubscribe quint. Fake news are reported with good background narration and music to make it look like its true.
How much you know about Assam?1st know about assam and nrc than comment about this.
Muslim brother Hindu V worried Ha. Show Hindus too much.
Give first All were first Lands of Quintus Employee and Transfer Bangladesh ... This two for Humanity .... Hey Cutia hit your ass on the new date.
This fucktard specman congressi is surely kangladrshis root
There have been some leftout due to the some mistakes technically.. but for the others who are illegal We DON'T CARE.. we are the one suffering not you..
Now send all Kashmiris to Pakistan...all Punjabis to Sindh and Beluchistan...all so called indegenous north easterners to Burma and China...all Tamilians to Sri Lanka...Seems like we are on the verge of solving our population issue!
Sold out channel
Oi kutta NRC is real
Another hypocrisy on the indigenous people of Assam||
What kind of channel is this showing only one face of assam NRC problems, where is the other face, you really don't know what kind of problems we Assamese are facing due to this fucking Bangladesh people
Arre bhai Jiska naam nahi aya hai, Document thik rehne se aa jayega na. Itna Hungama Q kar rahe ho.? And background I felt Saad Music What They Want to Prove ?? This is not the final NRC. Stop Judging Govt of Assam.
This is not a fact .... This may be for one or two Hindu families rest of them are immigrant .. shame on u when govt is making a movements while Hindus in Bangladesh has be drowned from 15 to 1.5 %  no one spoke but when about residential certificates our own people making excuse for their own views
Nice movie
No wife list of himself and went to see the other people ... let my brother correct documents to your wife ....
Those who are interviewing all are Muslims.Quint only documented Muslims..Where are the Hindus?
Is Assam is only for Assamese Hindus,not for Assamese Muslims, not for Bengali Hindus and Muslims, who have no connection with Bangladesh after 1971?
It is a trade off between nationhood and humanity
Total Venomous Janta Party planning to eliminate particular section of genuine Indians.
Whether Hindus or Muslims or Christian etc,,If you are illegal immigrants than you should leave Assam...
Viewers of Assam. And also to those person who is in support of NRC please don't suscribe this channel or if u have suscribed already please unsuscribe it...
It's funny if you go pick those whose name is not in NRC and yet had land records or some evidence they are indian ,how are you doing justice to your journalism when you only told one side of the story.
The Quint-Do a detailed survey why the government has to bring NRC in Assam only? Do not show one side of the story. Get your facts correct first.
The illegal immigrants
slowly they will  kill  all assamese  by shouting  ya Allah and next  all  seven  sister  state indigenous  people. fuck  their  penis  and vagina  khatna custom
We people of Tripura are being killed by illegal immigrants, Why quint doesn't show that
My Tripura has now become a colony of bangladesh, but central government doesn't care, drive  this illegal immigrants
Muslims will eat into assam  like termite and next our  arunachal. where are braves like Bodo  ahom  miri  moran  chutiya  .reporter  pro Muslim .one Muslim comes  into  arunachal and after 2 yrs whole  clans comes . Mr reporter ask any arunachali.
Fuck away from assam issue.... quit
To Agye Kvintwale Bdwagiri ...
Our youths sacrificed there lives in the assam andolan in the 1971 to 1973...855 Assamese youth were Martyerd in the andolan...but no one will care because we are indigenous ppl...the only want migrants for vote...i say once again make a strory on assam andolan or atleast Google once wat is that...save assam
You people only show one side of a coin what about other side.
No you are not a citizen bitch, just get out of our country
I want nrc in Bengal
Sobai sotti kotha bolle 74 lac lok hawa te mishe gelo? If all are saying truth then where are the 74 lacs Bangladeshis??
Hey brother, his hell man ... Why Making issue
Come to assam and you'll know the conditions of indigenous people!, sitting all the years in your Ac cabins in metros and making a video for views won't make you a hero.
Leftist Quint shock.
sir in bangladesh the official language is bangali and in assam is assamese so 40 laksh of populaitio is definetlfy bengli speking people . because the assamese people are a true residence of assam.
Bangladeshi Fifth Chamber
Bangladeshi Fifth Chamber
there are many people are in assam who is from  bangladesh .
I suggest all African European countries U.S. and other countries where Indians specially Hindus went illegally and made fortunes, to take away their lands and wealth throw them out of your countries because these same Hindus are throwing these poor people out of their homes even after staying there for decades.Just after staying 5 or 10 years we're expecting green cards and citizenship here in western countries., these poor people lived in India for decades some even generations.
Q channel supported D voter in assam . the fake news channel ever... dislike for you ..
Do keep giving News brother. I'm a Asamij Muslim. Assam main koyi minorty par kabhi atyachar nahi hua, assam main aj hum assamese muslim in bngldshi o ki wajah se kitna prblm face kar rahe hain sirf aur sirf hum jante hain so please ... hum aj apni axomia bhsha ko bachane k lie sab karenge . Joi aai axom. Ami axomiai axomor hoke thio dsu aru apunaloke hindu muslim buli koi ki kobo bisarise ??? Ami mainlnd indian nhoi june dhrmo r karone hodai mar pit kori thake. Ami bhakha k dhrmo t koi uprt rakhu. Ami Axomia I Axomia R Hoke Thio Dbo A Lagibo Nhle Kuno Blg A Amar Hoke Maat Namate K Joi aai axom.
First you read the history then make your video
What do you know about Assam and indigenous Assamese people? We are reduced to minority in our motherland by illegal migrants from Bangladesh and Nepal.And the rest of India is only concerned about vote bank politics.
Everyone report this video
Problem is not only in assam but also in tripura (due to illegal immigrants)
Illegal immigrants big issue
Thank you the quint,for showing this
What a biased video !! claps for creating a fuss out of nowhere. The final draft is not even out and this channel has already labelled those as illegal. And why did you not show about the problems on the other side. It is evident from the video that illegal migration did happen 7.4 million people are extra and we don't want to end like the Tripuris so we want NRC process yo be executed. It is not a political move but a democratic move of the citizens.
Chutia Quint..You only choose the Ex Air force man who was excluded, why didn't you show a real bangladeshi whose name was omitted and now he has to fled from India??? You whole video is made to show that these 40 lakhs are Indian. If you knew little about how we were facing illegal Bangladeshi immigrant issue, your video would have been different. But what can we say about you, as your sponsor CONGRESS was the real cause why these Bangladeshis even got the voter ids also. Shame on you Quint.
Biased news
NRC NRC ... NRC kuch Bangladeshi o k liye hum Indian Ko suffer kar na par rha hain.... As wo Muslim ho as wo Hindu ho....and our Assam Muslim community is very very good as camper to other state ....
I don't care Coz we have our all family members names in the draft nrc M Playing Subnautica Now #enjoygulllife
Biased News
Dear Brother, You came here to Assam, then talk with Assamese people who faced many problems for Muslim and Bangladeshi. Assam people scared of them, Assam is for Axomiya. We can't let our Assam to others. Joi Aai Axom.
AND YOU FUCKTARDS PLS KNOCK SOME SENSE INTO YOUR BRAINS BEFORE REPORTING. ILLEGAL FOREIGNERS WHO DO NOT HAVE NRC WONT BE CHASED AWAY. THEY DONT HAVE TO LEAVE.
Misinterpretations, misinformations sell portrayed. They are not "deliberately cutting out the names" of some citizens. If one's name doesn't come in The NRC, it will definitely come out in the next phase. REMEMBER THAT THERR IS NO NEED TO WORRY IF YOUR NAME DOESNT COME IN THE LIST.
You guys are excellent Like Nhi to Hindi
We face the same problem in Manipur. There are many burmese refugee and bengladeshi but who cares about Northeast. Die or rot nobody cares about Northeast.Haryana village road is better than Manipur National Highway. Who cares????
494 likes from Bangladeshi immigrants.
Have proper and accurate information before making such type of biased video. We understand the few cases in which people's names have been left out, but there is still a provision left for those. We only want the illegal people out. Do you even realise the actual problems? BIASED. UNREALISTIC. stop targeting emotionally.
Have proper and accurate information before making such type of biased video. We understand the few cases in which people's names have been left out, but there is still a provision left for those. We only want the illegal people out. Do you even realise the actual problems?BIASED. UNREALISTIC. stop targeting emotionally.
@The Quint Don't make this type of nonsense.NRC is monitored by the Supreme Court, not by the government.For the 40 lakh people whose names are not in the list, there is a provision to make objections and claims to contest their exclusion. So stop making this type of nonsense.
Bangladeshi is bangladeshi.. We only indigenous people know how big problem of Bangladeshi in assam.
Nice movie.
UNSUSCRIBED BECAUSE I AM FROM ASSAM & THIS WHOLE NEWS IS FAKE JUST LIKE YOUR CHANNELSame goes for dhruv tatti.
Declare Indegenous people of Assam foreigners.... Make a video to proove it and then cast us out of India...   Definitely There is no Bangladeshi in India... May be Assam is a part of Bangladesh.... Why couldn't you show those thousands of people who proudly say off-camera they are Bangladeshis and made it to NRC......Next day we can make a video talking to Hindus and Assamese speaking people and proove you that only Hindu and Assamese are Left out of NRC...Targeting communities is Political Agenda... Assamese people just want A fare NRC... Dont make such biased videos
We , the Assamese people don't want Bangladeshis in Assam. Tum chaho to unka muh mein lelo !
Those who don't have proper data,they should not be included in the list.What u are trying to say...I think this channel is paid my Mamata Banerjee
SOMEONE FILE AN FIR AGAINST THIS REPORTS AND THIS FAKE CHANNEL..WE ARE FROM GUWAHATI AND WE KNOW EVERYTHING YOU FUCKIN REPORTER COME FOR ONR DAY AND SPREAD RUMORS WHICH IS NOT ACCEPTABLE..GIVE PLACE TO STAY THOSE BANGLADESHIS IN YOUR HOUSE..
I SUPPORT NRC.... IM FROM GUWAHATI AND YOU DONT SAY THAT NRC EFFECTS...IT HELPS TO DISTINGUISH THOSE BANGLADESHI MIAS.WHO COMMITS CRIME EVERYDAY.
We want NRC in bengal desperately..plz all bengalis support NRC..vote for BJP..remove Khatun madam
Correct NRC is the goal and illegal Bangladeshi free India.
Obviously Muslims have been targeted disproportionately.  The aim of the whole exercise was so.
Haan haan , make assam a part of Bangladesh, that is what you want quint?
Then why don't u take into ur state mptherfucker
indian version of AL JAZEERA
Hey The Quint.. I wonder that the indigenous Assamese not having registered their names in the NRC isn't bothering you!!!... You have great a audience...Rather showing the emotional attachment of some particular 3 or 4 examples just try to understand the suffering of the real inhabitants and show them on your channel...and don't try to create a linguistic war in Assam..even we celebrate your holy Durga Puja as well you do...and in the end just clarifying that if you are interested in your look east policy as the particular linguistic community does then I have to tell you Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh still stand strongly against that and if Assamese does, you know the consequences... (NRC and the Assamese people are not biased about any religion or languages )
I am from Indian I like it NRC but I have Indian
This is a classic example of the so called independent media meant to be consumed by a certain section (boorish) in the Indian society, who are termed as minority by legal interpretation, while demographic progression might differ. Here in this video The Quint has tried to incite unruly sentiments using its independent stature by cleverly not depicting the other side of the coin. What about showing the plight of the people of Assam during the chronic floods or telling all Indians about the identity crisis among the various ethnic groups in Assam or depicting perhaps about the demographic changes made possible due to the influx of masses from Bangladesh or the political entrepreneurial spirit have made vote banks out of these illegal migration or perhaps the nature of anguish felt by the indigenous sections, leading to the formation of various insurgency groups in the last few decades as the constitutional and democratic institutions have failed utterly and miserably or how about just changing your label as a sponsored news outlet, so that you don’t harm or harass any gentlest of sheeples out there and they can read between the lines without stressing upon their grey cells. Perhaps you could have been more independent if you were not a puppet, and your strings were not manipulated from 10 Jan Path Road in New Delhi. But will our tech savy youths consumed by consumption will ever understand. Food for thought!
We will throw the Bangladeshi out of Assam and I guess the reporter is a Bangladeshi too .
So what do you think? All the 40 lacs people are Indians?
What is the name of this reporter?
They maybe showing take documenta
You are biased....
If BJP is fire, quint is the CO2 and if Congress is fire, quint is O2. And that difference of C is called class.
Y'all are nitpicking isolated cases where people aren't on the NRC registry and are Indian citizens. It isn't about assamese vs bengali or some bullshit like that. It is about indians and illegal immigrants, irrespective of their religion or language.The demographics in assam has changed drastically in the past 30 years. Districts where once assamese were a majority, now it is all filled with immigrants and the increase has been exponential. How do you even expect us to protect our culture and traditions when there's no support from the central govt? Illegal immigration wouldn't have been a big issue now if it was dealt with at the start, instead of giving them citizenship for votes.And it isn't like the genuine ones don't have any option, they can file their proofs, it isn't even the final list, it's just a draft.The rest of India sure likes to label us as the culprits when y'all don't even care 90percent of the time. Some people have the audacity to be enraged when they don't even know the names of all the northeastern states.Y'all point fingers at us when it comes to this, but not once have I heard anyone concerned about the floods, that is affecting lakhs. All everyone wants is a sensational story to make headlines, when y'all don't even care about northeast in the first place. The Indian govt isolated us since the beginning, its no surprise we're just claiming what's ours in the first place
Totally fake video level .. It is trying Population Gtani of Hindus in Assam ...
Shame on you Quint!Assam has suffered heavily by this illegal insurgency of Foreigners depleting resources, destroying culture,forced conversions and funding illegal trade & terrorism and now you have the audacity to justify that???The Land of Great Sankardev and Madhabdev, Lachit Borphukan,Shaheed Kanaklata Baruah is in danger!NRC is much needed!India is for INDIANS (no matter what religion he preaches) ONLY!Joi Aai Oxom! Jai Hind!
Dont be Human rather Be like animals. Everyone in the comment section is a product of false news reporting. quint is biased, I say thanku quint for speaking out for a community that has been facing so many problems since forever.
Bangladeshi Intruders irrespective of their religion should not be given citizenship of India
Fake news channel
NRC best I live in Assam
Very good sir
i am form assam
I am a Hindu from Assam i have also showed all documents to NRC officers. But You media People Never shows other side of the story.  Crime rate of the state, involvement of illegal immigrants in them, shocking population growth of that particular community.
Please share thie video let the whole India know the truth of NRC Assam
We dnt mean all Bengalis are refugees but from 1950 to 2018 they are called foreigner...quaint dnt just try to misinterpret the news..
They over dominated us..you know Bangladeshi people are over acting plz no accepting them...we indegenious people of Tripura are over dominated who once a very thousand time are peacefully staying here and now Refugees from Bangladeshi are dominated us....
Plz read my comment Honestly Those fucking Journalist just want TRP.... Show the main problem of Endogenous or native peoples of North eastern state or Assam.... The Bangladeshis illegal immigrants are Doing robbery... raping killing engaging with Jihaadis.... show the real face of Bangladeshis.... MF.... Search on Google about Tripura.... Now a days Tripura's Indigenous peoples become Majority to minority..... Shame situation with Kashmir now a days... They are Showning the Drama infront of camera... simple example.... A district of assam known as Silchar and mankachar.... Whole Bangladeshis spread that place and if any endogenous people going to roaming that place they asked them or us Are you from Assam?? IS that district is located in Bangladesis Soil?? ... Den look their mentality... and think about it...!! Beware my Indian brothers... Save our mother land from those evil Bangladeshis Jihadi minded illegal immigrants.... NRC is based on illegal immigrants not based on Religion... Be Loyal
In my State Tripura Bengali government giving free Land & occupation like Auto rishka or other jobs to Bangladeshi..I hate Bangladeshi they destroyed my State Tripura  History, Language,Culture everything..Now they are the one who is rulling in Tripura..Even our CM is from Bangladesh who came After 1971 in Tripura..My State became like part of Bangladesh or West Bengal..My language, Culture & It's people's are ignored everywhere & we became lowar caste in our Own mother land State Tripura..I hope karma comes soon to those Bangladeshi who destroyed my State Tripura by there Population..
Bangladeshi give birth like dogs
India is for indian. Assam is for indians. we do not care about illegal Bangladeshi people living in Assam. I think u r in favour of illegal Bangladeshi living in Assam. Do you ever show the problem of original inhabitant of Assam?
Sorry "The Quint" we are not here to "Entertain" Illegal immigration
Instead of fighting in the comments let's report this video for circulating false information.
Most of these are new entries, probably after 1985.  Can't pronounce a single Assamese word, nor have they tried to mix with the indegenous Assamese tribes. 30/40 lac bangladeshis have not botherd tobeven submitted any papers and are still at large waiting for the NRC process to be over and then quietly bribe their way in, maybe thru bengal or some other state.
Please tell me where hindu mesecur in Assam
My mom's name is missing from the list but I am not panicking...she is furnishing documents and I know it'll get rectified. Only those illegal need to be scared.
First check the ground reality and them make videos like that, we are minority in our own land because of illegal immigrants from Bangladesh
No Indian should be harrased...that's my wish..
Quint will never utter a single word on How a Bangladeshi raped an indigenous assamese girl in Noagaon!
So u r also Bengali?
Handpicked biased report quint fuck u. Even your reporter is Bengali we don't care it's my state my rule, my community..this is Assam not Bengal
10:19 "... Assam has a bloody history of violence against minorities." What kind of minority, religious or language or culture or ethnicity? Be specific and clear. Very irresponsible and insensitive. Smells like divide and rule policy.
Quint (Journalist Tridip kumar Mandal), what made you to make this statement (at 6:55)?
Hei Quint listen ... tumlog kyon story ka aak hi side dikhate ho ... matlab kya hai tumlog ka ... akhir kya sahtey ho? Matlab abhi supreme court ke system ko tumlog question karogey? Aur interview may aak bhi sthaniyo assamese ka interview liya? Tum reporter hi bengali ho to biased news dalogehi assamese logo ke upar ...
This is what happens when every Tom, dick and Harry becomes journalist.
Very very good work bro?
What the hell you want to proof.......misleading content. If you dont wanna support Assam dont spread this type of info.
Communist media
Quint is hinduphobic!!!! Quint always have issue with Hindu. Their Target is Hindu!!!
In spite of valid documents large number of people names are not included in this final draft NRC, it is unnecessary harassment
You Really Captured Well My Green Beautiful Assam ... Before making any video , report you should think about the indigenous peoples of Assam. Assamese peoples are really liberal and secular , how can you say we have a bloody history against minorities ? We are far away from religion politics of Northern India. Look at the language of Mohd. Nabi and the female from nagaon , they are all bengalis and may be they're documents are fake , if they have been living in Assam since 1965 as they are saying then why they are still not speaking Assamese or take the Assamese culture. You believe me a Bengali fellow came to Assam and torn the GAMOSA - The pride of Assam & demolished an AASU office, Jyoti Basu , that time WB CM opposed great Assam movement and now Mamta Banerjee is doing the same.
what does these illegal foreigners want to prove by crying....what does quint want to prove by the video....we the actual people of this land are loosing our home our culture our language because of them....its not long when you will find these illegal migrants attacking the indigenous people and taking their land....we cant let this happen....understand our story....though the rest of india never considered northeast to be a part of india but we are indians you should support the actual indians not the illegal immigrants....joy ai axom
May be some of them are indians...and indian govt is still takings various steps for them...but what about that man who don't know to speak assamese...if u were born in assam at least u should know to speak assamese..nd at last this news is not near anything that's happening in assam..
you are real journalist
Bangladeshi..go away
There are thousands like your wife... Rest are Bangladeshi
On one hand you say that Muslims are being targeted,  but Hindus are excluded too
I dont know why everyone are cheers for the immigrants.
Give some place in your office if u care so much....
Everyone simply just report on such stupid videos n youtube will remove such video which shows the sympathy for Bangladeshis
Everyone simply just report on such stupid videos n youtube will remove such video which shows the sympathy for Bangladeshis
Quint should tell the actual story. Here the journalist wife too could n't make it to the NRC because of some documentation error. Which among the 40 lakh left out.  So in the same way many are being left out because of basically somewhat same reason.  Which is under way for being corrected. But that doesn't mean that whole process is fault.
That is a misguiding video I am from Assam and being an Bengali my whole family has made it to the list on the basis of documents not on some sort of mass deletion on the basis of language.So stop spreading hatred Quint
Hey.. final list of NRC yet to be published. You guys can't deliver judgement till now.. don't mislead about NRC. We can see about this problem of migration living in Assam.. In the first quarter of this video you have shown a scene of flooded Guwahati. If you can Then please raise your voice for this flood problem guys. We will be very thankful . Thank you
It's fake videoIt's possible but main population are eradicationIn my view Assam must rebel against Muslim those who came India , Muslim hatav desh bachav
File FIR against this gaddar zihadi channel for creating mistrust hatred against NRC official, judiciary must take cognizance of it and prevent such channel,which openly challenge NRC, and state govt should also take action against such anti national channel.Send this journalist to Kashmir where Hindus are being treated as inhuman.
Refugis How was Bapj get Akri it.
It is easy to say from outside Assam. And the you are only finding the People have documents. Did you go to kajiraroga, bank of the bhramupura, they are really Bangladesh.
The quint: fuck off. Boro guy from Assam. Assam is our ancestral land, Bangladeshis can't come and capture our land. We will cut them a ticket to Delhi , keep them in your headquarters. If these people aren't send back, northeastern India will go for complete sovereignty from India. You people can not mingle with our integrity and heritage.
nonsent vidio
NRC is not about religion...it is about Bengali speaking people and the indigenous Assamese speaking people...which is the actual hidden truth
Missing from the original people of Assam in Assamese Teri Kirby rabha okay Bora
Please stop your propaganda
M also frm nagaon sir... Hats off sir u all r doing a great job to save our nation
0:27 friendly foreigner
These people from nellie are surely bangladeshi.
A good e-kobo nuyare ihati Coloring Assamese. Mix banali Assamese. Exam 1940 ota run down the legs, with the exception of Heth belega Dilu, etalista in Assamese at a kobo paraile noise.
My question to u bro..  there are Hindus  many who cannot prove nrc.. where they will go..? India is only country for Hindus...
On issue pertaining with the NRC ,I would like to thank the Modi govt. even though I am not a BJP supporter.
Tridip K Mandal is himself a Bangladeshi...lol.. Bangladeshis can't dictate people of Northeast... We don't have Waste  bangal or Bangladesh to live, we only have North east... So kick out all illegals, quint and mamata can take those illegals and feed'em...
Crazy it is how can political people kill India ...how can people get citizenship when we r paying all the tax and working hard... This means Pakistani Chinese can come to India and vote for stupid Rahul Gandhi who will Destroy our country for Bangladeshi Pakistani & Chinese votes.... What nonsense brainless vedio is this ?...those who r making this video r killer of India
Well in 70 years we never got this must importance. Finally Assam is on the map.Very good for Assam.Negative media making some good marketing for Assam.Anyways quint have you made any other news on Assam? Pretty big state with very complicated issues.Fuck you.
And what about those lakh people's who simply don't apply willfully..
These stupid page and rest of the Indians are trying to spread chaos and civil war on the basis of religion . Seriously? U guys can't. NRC process went peacefully in Assam . And I am a proud Assamese!!
While thinking about asamiyara welcome asamara karaila akana are welcome janile upload video tow arrived inconvertible. Actually your also trying to start political game ...... how is creater of this video .... you have lack of knowledge ........ please collect NRC complete information ........
Bangladeshi Go Back
I liked quint.... But this report seems biased. Yeah there can be some errors in such a humongous exercise, it can not be that perfect, thats why they have given another chance to claim their nationality. But Why not also show the struggles of the indegenous people of Assam. The sacrifice of Assam's martyrs, the struggle to survive our culture and tradition. The immense struggle because of overpopulation. Show the other side of the story too.
A lot of members of 'peaceful majority' will now be angry with me if I speak an important truth THAT the so called 'original 'people of Assam are originally from China. They came from Yunan province and invaded India and captured Assam from a Bengali Pala King. But the so called desh bhakts will be angry if they get exposed for supporting Chinese origin people over Indian origin ppl. Sad vote bank politics and naked Ahomiya appeasement is ruining Assam.
BJP played a disgusting game against Bengalis calling them illegals and Bangladeshi. They will get their answer soon. Speaking Bengali or being a Bengali is not a crime.
Not to be offensive but it is because of the broken and weak borders that has caused millions of illegal immigrants to sneak into India. Since this is happening in the north-east, a region that is perpetually ignored by mainland India, the media is not really taking facts into account. Illegal immigrants can get employment as workers in constriction sites earning more that they can back from where they came from. It is their country's problem to push their economy. It is not north-eastern people's job to accommodate them. If Pakistanis sneak into India and settle in states like Gujarat, Punjab, Rajasthan then there would be a nation-wide strike and communal fights. The BJP is trying to make things right. The Congress ignored this when they could have done something. Because they just want votes. The indigenous people of north east are suffering. Tripura, once a place for indigenous tripuris is now largely run by Bangladeshis who sneak in every now and then. Even illegal immigrants from Myanmars come in on a daily basis. Indigenous peoples' fertility rate is low. And these illegal immigrants are trying to fill up the vast empty land with their children trying to claim benefits and resources that actually belongs to the indigenous people.
Throw out all Bangladeshi from my country, i don't want them and let them proof there identity or throw them out.... Jay hind
Muslims follow the Quran. Quran has given order to kill all non Muslims. So Hindus, be careful. What does the Quran teach? (Because of the limitations of  characters in comment box, I'm just giving some examples.)            [KILLING ] Quran (9:5) - "So when the sacred months have passed away, then SLAY THE IDOLATERS wherever you find them, and take them captive and besiege them and lie in wait for them in every ambush, then if they repent and keep up prayer and pay the poor-rate, leave their way free to them.          [JIZYAH] Quran (9:29) “ Fight against those who  believe not in Allâh, nor in the Last Day,  nor forbid that which has been forbidden by Allâh and His Messenger  and those who acknowledge not the religion of truth (i.e. Islâm) among the people of the Scripture (Jews and Christians), until they pay the Jizyah  with WILLING SUBMISSION , and FEEL THEMSELVES SUBDUED .           [VULGAR (ABUSE)]     QURAN (98:6) “Surely the unbelievers(NON MUSLIMS) among the people of the Book and the idolaters, will abide in the fire of Hell. THEY ARE THE WORST OF CREATURES .”    Quran (9:28)   “O believers, the idolaters are unclean(Najasun). So they should not approach the Holy Mosque after this year. In case you fear indigence (from the stoppage of business with them), then God will enrich you of His bounty if He will, for God is all-knowing and all-wise.”             [TERRORISM]     Quran (3:151) - "We will throw terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve, because they attribute to God partners for which He revealed no sanction. Their lodging is the Fire. Miserable is the lodging of the evildoers.”       Quran (5:33) - "The punishment of those who wage war against Allah and His messenger and strive to make mischief in the land is only this, that they should be murdered or CRUCIFIED or their HANDS and their FEET should be CUT OFF on OPPOSITE SIDES or they should be imprisoned; this shall be as a disgrace for them in this world, and in the hereafter they shall have a grievous chastisement"      Quran (8:12) - "(Remember) when your Lord inspired the angels... "I will CAST TERROR into the hearts of those who DISBELIEVE . Therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them"       Quran (8:39) - "And fight with them until there is no more fitna (disorder, unbelief) and religion is all for Allah(islam) "        Quran (8:57) - "If thou comest on them in the war, deal with them so as to strike fear in those who are behind them, that haply they may remember."       Quran (8:67) - "It is not for a Prophet that he should have prisoners of war UNTIL HE HAD MADE A GREAT SLAUGHTER in the land..."       Quran (9:14) - "Fight against them so that Allah will punish them BY YOUR HANDS and disgrace them and give you victory over them and heal the breasts of a believing people."         Quran (9:73) - "O Prophet! STRIVE HARD AGAINST the UNBELIEVERS and the hypocrites and be unyielding to them; and their abode is hell, and evil is the destination."          Quran (9:123) - "O you who believe! fight those of the unbelievers who are near to you and LET THEM FIND IN YOU HARDNESS ."        Quran (25:52) - "Therefore listen not to the Unbelievers, but strive against them with the utmost strenuousness with it." -           Quran (47:3-4) - "Those who disbelieve follow falsehood, while those who believe follow the truth from their Lord... So, when you meet (fighting Jihad in Allah's Cause), those WHO DISBELIEVE SMITE AT THEIR NECKS till when you have killed and wounded many of them, then bind a bond firmly (on them, i.e. take them as captives)... If it had been Allah's Will, He Himself could certainly have punished them (without you). But (He lets you fight), in order to test you, some with others. But those who are killed in the Way of Allah, He will never let their deeds be lost"                  Quran (47:35)- So BE NOT WEARING and ASK NOT FOR PEACE (from the enemies of Islâm), WHILE YOU ARE HAVING THE UPPER HAND . Allâh is with you, and will never decrease the reward of your good deeds.        Quran (48:29)  "Muhammad is the messenger of Allah. And THOSE WITH HIM ARE HARD (RUTHLESS ) AGAINST the DISBELIEVERS and merciful among themselves"                 [ROBBERY]    Quran (8:41)" And know that whatever of  WAR BOOTS that you may gain, verily one-fifth (1/5th) of it is assigned to Allâh, and to the Messenger, and to the near relatives [of the Messenger (Muhammad SAW)], (and also) the orphans, AlMasâkin (the poor) and the wayfarer, if you have believed in Allâh and in that which We sent down to Our slave (Muhammad SAW) on the Day of criterion (between right and wrong), the Day when the two forces met (the battle of Badr) - And Allâh is Able to do all things."          Quran (8:1)"They ask thee concerning (things taken as) SPOILS OF WAR . Say: "(such) spoils are at the disposal of Allah and the Messenger: So fear Allah, and keep straight the relations between yourselves: Obey Allah and His Messenger, if ye do believe."          [SEX SLAVES  & RAPE]       Quran (4:24) "Also (forbidden are) women already married, except those (CAPTIVES and SLAVES ) WHOM YOUR RIGHT HANDS POSSESS . Thus has Allâh ordained for you. All others are lawful, provided you seek (them in marriage) with Mahr (bridal money given by the husband to his wife at the time of marriage) from your property, desiring chastity, not committing illegal sexual intercourse, so with those of whom you have enjoyed sexual relations, give them their Mahr as prescribed; but if after a Mahr is prescribed, you agree mutually (to give more), there is no sin on you. Surely, Allâh is Ever All Knowing, All Wise."          Quran (33:50)"O Prophet! Lo! We have made lawful unto thee thy wives unto whom thou hast paid their dowries, and those whom thy RIGHT HAND POSSESSETH of those whom Allah hath GIVEN THEE AS SPOILS OF WAR , and the daughters of thine uncle on the father's side and the daughters of thine aunts on the father's side, and the daughters of thine uncle on the mother's side and the daughters of thine aunts on the mother's side who emigrated with thee, and a believing woman if she give herself unto the Prophet and the Prophet desire to ask her in marriage - a privilege for thee only, not for the (rest of) believers - We are Aware of that which We enjoined upon them concerning their wives and those whom their right hands possess - that thou mayst be free from blame, for Allah is ever Forgiving, Merciful."          Quran (23:6)"Except from their wives or (the CAPTIVES and SLAVES ) that their RIGHT HANDS POSSESS , for then, they are free from blame;"         Quran (70:29,30)"And those who guard their chastity,Except with their wives and the (WOMEN SLAVES and CAPTIVES ) whom their RIGHT HANDS POSSESS , for (then) they are not to be blame. "            [CHILD MARRIAGE]     Quran (65:4)"And those of your women as have passed the age of monthly courses, for them the 'Iddah (prescribed period), if you have doubts (about their periods), is three months, and for those WHO HAVE NO COURSES [(i.e. THEY ARE STILL IMMATURE ) their 'Iddah (prescribed period) is three months likewise, except in case of death] . And for those who are pregnant (whether they are divorced or their husbands are dead), their 'Iddah (prescribed period) is until they deliver (their burdens), and whosoever fears Allâh and keeps his duty to Him, He will make his matter easy for him."
Your channel is biased and do some documentary near Assam Bangladesh border you will come to know how Bangladeshi are creating hoax in Assam if you have problem do settle them in your quint headquarter
NO
A violent hinduttbabadi officer hitalari Here Come the hell on Raha Hey karai. A Bangladeshi Muslim compatriots go-to buja Hey banaraha.
You should know that Bangladeshis are always clamouring for inclusion of assam,West bengal in Greater Bangladesh, that's why Bangladesh is encouraging illegal immigration
Bangladesh always had plans to expand it's territory by pushing illegal bengali Muslims into Bangladesh, in future if they are deported we may see separatist movements in assam   http://www.assam.org/news/how-bangladeshi-muslims-wiped-assamese-out-their-own-land
Just what the fuck is this bloody channel up to! Arrgg.. it pisses me off so damn much!
Agye mofo another video Lecce
And most of them are in Hindi written legacy documents submitted from Rajasthan, UP, Bihar are not get the their name in NRC second draft.Am in one of them
Sare Sudmarini Quint
Dear Quint. Please remember that the people handling NRC are humans and they can make mistakes. People can still make claims and prove themselves as Indian. The story of the Muslim family whose father was kept in a detention camp is sad. But what has NRC to do with it?Yes, there were communal riots earlier. But times have changed now. I wont say that the tensions have stopped existing. It exists in small amounts. But no more cases of violence has been observed in the recent years. I am telling this because I am a bengali living in Assam and no one has yet threatened me for being a bengali. Dont just handpick some cases and show it negatively.
Superb, you didn't mention about 2 BJP mla's whose name was not there in nrc
She may be indian.. But defntlt quint is not...
why dont quint make a document on how the tribal block areas have been dominated by the people so called bangladeshis .... we people knows how in short time they have over populated. why dont u come and ask how we feel about NRC rather than asking those bangladeshis people.. documentary should be made in both side views one from the people who are happy about NRc and other who are not ... learn from vice channel...
Very nice.. documentary bro... really proud of you!!!
Why u put out army,airforce personal from NRC....wtf
Unsubscribed. Quint is becoming trash day by day .
Lots of thanks for making this video....
Why you Quint people make such videos without making adequate research ? Many people have submitted  forged documents.Why should the NRC authorities accept  such information?
Bangladesh bhi ab Indian logon KO nikaal dega Apne desh se ... waha lakhs me Bangladesh police me Indian log Hain ... Bangladesh humara koi dushman Nahi tha ... Jaise Nepal humara Mitra desh hai waise Bangladesh bhi hai ... nikalo mat Idaco ... bas inko voting rights mat do ... Bangladesh me Hindu Hain waha Ka mahol kharab ho jayega aur un becharon par museebat aajayegi ... ISI liye nikalo mat bas vote ki manahi kardo ... aur border par sakhti se pehra laga do ki aage aisi ghuspaith na ho ... not least Bangladesh Govt. se baith Kar baat KO clear karlo ... ye hai tareeka dosti banaye rakhne ki aur insaniyat ki ...
How to make D voter.... It is politics... Who's name not includein the NRC they will be Bangladeshi... How to say they are Bangladeshi... something political modified... How to decrease Muslim voter and citizens it is big plans...we have 1948 land documents, 1951 NRC also my uncle is graduation person how to say he is Bangladeshi... Could you please help them... ???
Assam is not a dumping zone for illegal bangladeshis(both hindus+muslims)...Assam is only for Indians..
What they will do...??? It is going dangerous for them...who will be lft from the NRC they will be more than cancer deases ....who will help them... Could you please any recommendations where they will go... We want to justice... It is not only issue I will be dangerous issue for upcoming generation... Please please please we don't want to anything just we want to justice...
Do not be foolish channel .... Bangladeshi defend ... How much sympathy will Muslims ....
Assam generation rise up get ready for chicken dinner....bangladeshi bhagou
This is muslims channel bycot n he is misleading govt take action on him
Kick them all out of India..That's what Allah wants.. kick them fast if u want blessings of allah
Muslims always have problems with others In all over world
Black Kela words. The S asamyese poet in Assam
Deport them all! They are ruining Assam!
Whether Hindus ang Muslims, Bangladeshi Miya should get out of Assam.
And... what language are they speaking by the way? Bengalis from kolkata? Is that your Bengali? Is that the sweet Bengali language u r proud of? Or is it the highly irritating Bangladeshi Bengali? Hell yeah it is Bangladeshi Bengali....So ofcourse they are doubtful. And that father...he lost his case in the Supreme Court too. So what are u suggesting Quint? Let Supreme Court go to hell???
Something similar to the Jews being forced to wear he star of David in third Reich, then detention camps and then ......
Idiot u r ...u must stop creating dis nonsense vdos i just wasted my time go n die but dnt make dis kinda vdo
Its good, finally Supreme Court had taken a stand against the wrong doing of the previous government & InEffectiveness of ReSolving of illegal Intruders in our country of implementation of NRC to WeedOut such emigrant's from our country.The entire opposition parties are only Up In Arms for these Illegal Intruders in our country, because they are OutSiders from a specific religion & it's a big chunk of Vote Bank Politics. That why all the opposition parties are so concerned, because they may LoosOut, if such illegal Intruders from our neighbouring country if are ReMoved from the Voter's List.Why non of the opposition parties have the same concerned or same stand for the Kashmiri Pandit being Refugees in our own country, can be resolve by all parties.Its a tough call based on Humanitarian grounds, but if such are in such a large numbers, is detrimental to our own country. We all need to have a pragmatic  towards our National Interest over the Politics.
How was hit Kavdion in Tonk to do video on that ..... BS Muslims of terraces ....
These ppl should seek asylum in USA by telling India is going to execute them. I'd do so if was among them and would live the America dream.
4:45 lol
I think quint have to give fund and their office for giving Bangladeshis in India
Q) Are you IndianAns : I am missing my father
Just keep in your head..illegal migrants have more forge documents then the natives..Let it be Hindus or Muslims..Bangladeshis have to leave or stay in detention camps..Outside the state people have no idea about any shit that is happening in reality..This anchor's native place as he said in the video "Nellie"; it is the place where the problem all started..i even doubt this Quint's anchor
Quint sucks.
I do watch the quint regularly!! But please get your facts right..!! Bangladeshi people should be sent to thier land..!!
I don't know what to say bcz oneside country security and otherside humanity.
Another idiotic reporting ! If you are Indian noone gonna touch you, just prove your Identity.. But if You are a Bangladeshi you will be thrown out of our country as simple as that. There is no need to create confusions among citizens and sympathize bangladeshis plz.
No one cares about Indigenous people of Assam. Assam is already a lost story. If you people only had read our history, you would have seen the real picture and cried at fall of our language and culture at the hands of outsiders. Then you would have understood our frustration, anger. We fight for our survival! Joi Aai Axom!
The people of the 40 million people in that other State.
The Govt is solely responsible for its citizens. But well the govt doesn't seem to care.
Hindus have to prove there nationality too.
Basteds get-out from my country
Are you journalist lol what a joke
if nrc does not give, then foreign tribunal will give, or high court or supreme court..the genuine citizens need not fear.
Sudurvi banana Ehot
Crazy World
Pagol world
I think they are not illegal remaning 126 crore indians are illegal acc to the quint...
Paid media
Ban quint,NDTV and times nowCountry and people will be betterThey can see better,watch better,hear better and think better
I dont want single bangladeshi in my land....i wont share a pinch of salt with them...
I don't Understand that why is this whole fuss going on when BJP in SC has said that NO action will be taken against people who don't make the FINAL list.
It's a beautiful place....I couldn't take my eyes from those ducks
Quint is a biased channel very disappointed I m unsubscribing
Handpicking exceptions to falsely report on a larger issue is unacceptable.. Quint which tries to protrays itself as independent media is biased to the core
So much of immigrants,seems the demography already changed,very hard to undone the done.
I think those whose parents are born before 1960...at least they should be allowed
Another biased news reporting by quint...i m an  assamese...i know real problem of Bangladeshisis... Seems like u r supporting Bangladeshisis not indigenous assamese people...
Do one story on dire state of Hindus in Bangladesh...I will accept that Quint is doing this for humanitarian reasons...
What the fuck will happen to those people if they will be sent to Bangladesh
Ooo ooo ooo another biased reporting so,in Assam there is no illegal Bangladeshi and wht about kokrajhar riots in 2012? When bodo people are targeted so,make a sense about your reporting lol
Government is doing right, Bangladeshi People's whether Hindu or Muslim Inko will have to go back.
Congress funded quint
Brother Quint technical faults are, therefore, in that everyone understand are happening Tmhe pain happens in every list
Only Muslims are being targeted , bjp included so many Bd Hindus in Nrc
Give them citizenship in quint office building
Within 4 million ppl those name not included , half of them are hindus
Another lie by quint.dont want bangladeshi
the quint lied about kalbhushan jadhav made up a fake story just like congress the quint is pro jihadi and anti indian
